









<PAGE>

EXHIBIT 10.10

AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT


THIS AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT (the "Agreement") is made and
entered into as of March 23, 1995, by and among SECURITY CAPITAL PACIFIC TRUST,
a Maryland real estate investment trust, formerly known as PROPERTY TRUST OF
AMERICA (the "Borrower"), the financial institutions (including TCB and Wells
Fargo Realty Advisors Funding, Incorporated, the "Lenders") which are now or may
hereafter become signatory hereto, TEXAS COMMERCE BANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, a
national banking association ("TCB"), as administrative agent for Lenders (in
such capacity, "Agent"), and WELLS FARGO REALTY ADVISORS FUNDING, INCORPORATED,
as co-agent for Lenders (in such capacity, "Co-Agent").

W I T N E S S E T H:


WHEREAS, the Borrower, the Agent and some of the Lenders (the "Existing
Lenders") entered into an Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated as of
October 27, 1994 (the "Original Credit Agreement"); and

WHEREAS, the Borrower, the Agent, the Co-Agent, and the Lenders desire to
amend and restate the Original Credit Agreement upon the terms and conditions
hereinafter set forth;

NOW, THEREFORE in consideration of the mutual covenants, agreements and
undertakings herein contained, the parties hereto agree as follows:

1.   Definitions.

Unless a particular word or phrase is otherwise defined or the context
otherwise requires, capitalized words and phrases used in Credit Documents have
the meanings provided below.

Accounts, Equipment and Inventory shall have the respective meanings assigned
to them in the Texas Business and Commerce Code in force on the date the
document using such term was executed.

Adjusted Eurodollar Interbank Rate shall mean, with respect to each Interest
Period applicable to a Eurodollar Rate Borrowing, a rate per annum equal to the
quotient, expressed as a percentage, of (a) the Eurodollar Interbank Rate with
respect to such Interest Period divided by (b) 1.0000 minus the Eurodollar
Reserve Requirement in effect on each day during such Interest Period.

Affiliate shall mean any Person controlling, controlled by or under common
control with any other Person.  For purposes of this definition, "control"
(including "controlled by" and "under common control with") means the
possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the
direction of the management and policies of such Person, whether through the
ownership of voting securities or otherwise.

Annual Audited Financial Statements shall mean the annual financial statements
of a Person, including all notes thereto, which statements shall include a
balance sheet as of the end of such fiscal year and an income statement and a
statement of cash flows, all setting forth in comparative form the corresponding
figures from the previous fiscal year, all prepared in conformity with Generally
Accepted Accounting Principles and accompanied by a report and opinion of
independent certified public accountants
<PAGE>

satisfactory to the Agent, which shall state that such financial statements, in
the opinion of such accountants, present fairly the financial position of such
Person as of the date thereof and the results of its operations for the period
covered thereby in conformity with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles.
Such statements shall be accompanied by a certificate of such accountants that
in making the appropriate audit and/or investigation in connection with such
report and opinion, such accountants did not become aware of any Default or, if
in the opinion of such accountant any such Default exists, a description of the
nature and status thereof. The Annual Audited Financial Statements shall be
prepared on a consolidated basis in accordance with Generally Accepted
Accounting Principles.

Applicable Margin shall mean 1.75% for Eurodollar Rate Borrowings and zero for
Base Rate Borrowings through and including March 31, 1995, and thereafter the
following percentage which will be in effect when and for so long as the
Borrower has received the corresponding S&P Rating or Moody's Rating, whichever
is lower:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

S&P RATING/                     APPLICABLE MARGIN
MOODY'S RATING            EURODOLLAR RATE    RATE BASE
BORROWING       BORROWING
<S>                       <C>                <C>
A/A2 or better                 1.250%            0
A-/A3                          1.375%            0
BBB+/Baa1                      1.500%            0
BBB/Baa2                       1.625%            0
BBB-/Baa3                      1.750%            0
Worse than BBB-/Baa3           2.000%            .50%
</TABLE>

Base Rate shall mean for any day a rate per annum equal to the Applicable
Margin on that day plus the greater on a daily basis of (a) the Prime Rate for
that day, or (b) the Federal Funds Effective Rate for that day plus one-half of
one percent (1/2%).

Base Rate Borrowing shall mean that portion of the principal balance of the
Loans at any time bearing interest at the Base Rate.

Borrower's REIT Manager shall mean Security Capital (Southwest) Incorporated,
manager to the Borrower, or any successor manager to the Borrower permitted by
this Agreement.

Business Day shall mean a day other than (a) a day when the main office of the
Agent is not open for business, or (b) a day that is a federal banking holiday
in the United States of America.

Ceiling Rate shall mean, on any day, the maximum nonusurious rate of interest
permitted for that day by whichever of applicable federal or Texas laws permits
the higher interest rate, stated as a rate per annum.  On each day, if any, that
Chapter One establishes the Ceiling Rate, the Ceiling Rate shall be the
"indicated rate ceiling" (as defined in Chapter One) for that day.  The Agent
may from time to time, as to current and future balances, implement any other
ceiling under Chapter One by notice to the Borrower, if and to the extent
permitted by Chapter One.  Without notice to the Borrower or any other person or
entity, the Ceiling Rate shall automatically fluctuate upward and downward as
and in the amount by which such maximum nonusurious rate of interest permitted
by applicable law fluctuates.

<PAGE>

Chapter One shall mean Chapter One of Title 79, Texas Revised Civil Statutes,
1925, as amended.

Code shall mean the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, as now or
hereafter in effect, together with all regulations, rulings and interpretations
thereof or thereunder by the Internal Revenue Service.

Commitment shall mean the commitment of the Lenders to lend funds under
Section 2.1 of this Agreement, other than Swing Loans.

Construction Interest shall mean Borrower's interest expense for the
construction of projects, which is capitalized in accordance with Generally
Accepted Accounting Principles.

Coverage Ratio shall mean the ratio of (a) the Borrower's Funds From
Operations plus all of the Borrower's Interest Expense for the period used to
calculate Funds From Operations, to (b) dividends of any kind or character or
other proceeds paid or payable with respect to any Disqualified Stock plus all
of the Borrower's Interest Expense, in each case for the period used to
calculate the Funds From Operations.

Credit Documents shall mean this Agreement, the Notes, all instruments,
certificates and agreements now or hereafter executed or delivered to the Agent
or the Lenders pursuant to any of the foregoing, and all amendments,
modifications, renewals, extensions, increases and rearrangements of, and
substitutions for, any of the foregoing.

Debt to Tangible Net Worth Ratio shall mean the ratio of Indebtedness to
Tangible Net Worth.

Disqualified Stock shall mean any of the Borrower's capital stock which by its
terms (or by the terms of any security into which it is convertible or for which
it is exchangeable or exercisable) (a) matures or is subject to mandatory
redemption, pursuant to a sinking fund obligation or otherwise, (b) is
convertible into  or exchangeable or exercisable for Indebtedness or
Disqualified Stock, (c) is redeemable at the option of the holder of such stock,
or (d) otherwise requires any payments by Borrower, in each case on or before
the Maturity Date.

Eurodollar Business Day shall mean a Business Day on which transactions in
United States dollar deposits between banks may be carried on in the London
Eurodollar interbank market.

Eurodollar Interbank Rate shall mean, for each Interest Period, the rate of
interest per annum, rounded, if necessary, to the next highest whole multiple of
one-sixteenth percent (1/16%), quoted by Agent at or before 11:00 a.m., London
time (or as soon thereafter as practicable), on the date two (2) Eurodollar
Business Days before the first day of such Interest Period, to be the arithmetic
average of the prevailing rates per annum at the time of determination and in
accordance with the then existing practice in the applicable market, for the
offering to Agent by one or more prime banks selected by Agent in its sole
discretion, in whatever Eurodollar interbank market may be selected by Agent in
its sole discretion, of deposits in United States dollars for delivery on the
first day of such Interest Period and having a maturity equal to the length of
such Interest Period and in an amount equal (or as nearly equal as may be) to
the Eurodollar Rate Borrowing to which such Interest Period relates.  Each

<PAGE>

determination by Agent of the Eurodollar Interbank Rate shall be prima facie
evidence thereof.

Eurodollar Rate shall mean for any day a rate per annum equal to the sum of
the Applicable Margin for that day plus the Adjusted Eurodollar Interbank Rate
in effect on the first day of the Interest Period for the applicable Eurodollar
Rate Borrowing.  Each Eurodollar Rate is subject to adjustments for reserves,
insurance assessments and other matters as provided for in Section 3.5 hereof.

Eurodollar Rate Borrowing shall mean that portion of the principal balance of
the Loans at any time bearing interest at a Eurodollar Rate.

Eurodollar Reserve Requirement shall mean, on any day, that percentage
(expressed as a decimal fraction and rounded, if necessary, to the next highest
one ten thousandth) which is in effect on such day for determining all reserve
requirements (including, without limitation, basic, supplemental, marginal and
emergency reserves) applicable to "Eurocurrency liabilities," as currently
defined in Regulation D, all as specified by any  Governmental Authority,
including but not limited to those imposed under Regulation D.  Each
determination of the Eurodollar Reserve Requirement by Agent shall be prima
facie evidence thereof.

Event of Default shall mean any of the events specified as an event of default
in Section 7 of this Agreement, and Default shall mean any of such events,
whether or not any requirement for notice, grace or cure has been satisfied.

Federal Funds Effective Rate shall to the extent necessary be determined by
the Agent separately for each day and shall for each such day be a rate per
annum equal to the weighted average of the rates on overnight Federal funds
transactions with members of the Federal Reserve System arranged by Federal
funds brokers, as published for each such day (or if any such day is not a
Business Day, for the next immediately preceding Business Day) by the Federal
Reserve Bank of New York, or if the weighted average of such rates is not so
published for any such day which is a Business Day, the average of the
quotations for any such day on such transactions received by the Agent from
three Federal funds brokers of recognized standing selected by the Agent.

Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio shall mean the ratio of (a) the Borrower's Funds
From Operations plus all of the Borrower's Interest Expense for the period used
to calculate Funds From Operations, less Unit Capital Expenditures, to (b)
dividends of any kind or character or other proceeds paid or payable with
respect to any Disqualified Stock, plus all of the principal payable and
principal paid on the Borrower's Indebtedness other than (i) in the case of the
Borrower, any scheduled principal payments on the Term Loan and (ii) any
regularly scheduled principal payments on any Indebtedness which pays such
Indebtedness in full, to the extent the amount of such final scheduled principal
payment is greater than the scheduled principal payment immediately preceding
such final scheduled principal payment, plus all of the Borrower's Interest
Expense, in each case for the period used to calculate the Funds From
Operations.

Funding Loss shall mean, with respect to (a) Borrower's payment or prepayment
of principal of a Eurodollar Rate Borrowing

<PAGE>

on a day other than the last day of the applicable Interest Period; (b)
Borrower's failure to borrow a Eurodollar Rate Borrowing on the date specified
by Borrower; (c) Borrower's failure to make any prepayment of the Loans (other
than Base Rate Borrowings) on the date specified by Borrower, or (d) any
cessation of a Eurodollar Rate to apply to the Loans or any part thereof
pursuant to Section 3.5, in each case whether voluntary or involuntary, any
direct loss, expense, penalty, premium or liability incurred by any Lender
(including but not limited to any loss or expense incurred by reason of the
liquidation or reemployment of deposits or other funds acquired by a Lender to
fund or maintain a Loan).

Funds From Operations shall mean gross cash revenues (excluding unforfeited
security deposits) actually received by the Borrower, less all cash
disbursements characterized as expenses and all proper charges against income,
plus depreciation of Property and deferred taxes, reserves and other non-cash
charges, all determined in accordance with Generally Accepted Accounting
Principles; provided, that there shall not be included in such revenues (i) any
proceeds of any insurance policy other than rental or business interruption
insurance received by the Borrower, (ii) any gain which is classified as
"extraordinary" in accordance with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles, or
(iii) any capital gains.  Funds From Operations will be calculated, on an
annualized basis, on the four (4) calendar quarters immediately preceding the
date of the calculation.  Funds From Operations shall not be increased or
decreased by gains or losses from sales of Property.  Funds From Operations
shall be calculated on a consolidated basis in accordance with Generally
Accepted Accounting Principles.

Generally Accepted Accounting Principles shall mean, as to a particular
Person, such accounting practice as, in the opinion of the independent
accountants of recognized national standing regularly retained by such Person
and acceptable to the Agent, conforms at the time to generally accepted
accounting principles, consistently applied.  Generally Accepted Accounting
Principles means those principles and practices (a) which are recognized as such
by the Financial Accounting Standards Board, (b) which are applied for all
periods after the date hereof in a manner consistent with the manner in which
such principles and practices were applied to the most recent audited financial
statements of the relevant Person furnished to the Lenders or where a change
therein has been concurred in by such Person's independent auditors, and (c)
which are consistently applied for all periods after the date hereof so as to
reflect properly the financial condition, and results of operations and changes
in financial position, of such Person.  If there is a change in such accounting
practice as to the Borrower that could affect the Borrower's ability to comply
with the terms of this Agreement, the parties hereto agree to review and discuss
such changes in accounting practice and the terms of this Agreement for a period
of no more than thirty (30) days with a view to amending this Agreement so that
the financial measures of the Borrower's operating performance and financial
condition are substantially the same after such change as they were immediately
before such change.

Governmental Authority shall mean any foreign governmental authority, the
United States of America, any State of the United States and any political
subdivision of any of the foregoing, and any agency, department, commission,
board, bureau, court or other

<PAGE>

tribunal having jurisdiction over the Agent, any Lender or the Borrower or their
respective Property.

Historical Value shall mean the purchase price of Property (including
improvements) and ordinary related purchase transaction costs, plus the cost of
subsequent capital improvements made by the Borrower, less any provision for
losses, all determined in accordance with Generally Accepted Accounting
Principles.  If the Property is purchased as a part of a group of properties,
the Historical Value shall be calculated based upon a reasonable allocation of
the aggregate purchase price by the Borrower for all purposes, and consistent
with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles.

Indebtedness shall mean and include, without duplication (1) all obligations
for borrowed money, (2) all obligations evidenced by bonds, debentures, notes or
other similar agreements, (3) all obligations to pay the deferred purchase price
of Property or services, except trade accounts payable arising in the ordinary
course of business (unless included in (7) below), (4) all guaranties,
endorsements and other contingent obligations in respect of, or any obligations
to purchase or otherwise acquire, Indebtedness of others, (5) all Indebtedness
secured by any Lien existing on any interest of the Person with respect to which
Indebtedness is being determined in Property owned subject to such Lien whether
or not the Indebtedness secured thereby shall have been assumed, (6) the pro
rata share of all Indebtedness of an Unconsolidated Affiliates, and (7) accounts
payable, dividends of any kind or character or other proceeds payable with
respect to any stock and accrued expenses which in the aggregate are in excess
of four percent (4%) of the value of the assets of the Borrower, in each case
including Non-recourse Debt. Indebtedness shall be calculated on a consolidated
basis in accordance with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles including, to
the extent required by the foregoing definition, any of its Unconsolidated
Affiliates.

Interest Expense shall mean all of a Person's paid, accrued or capitalized
interest expense on such Person's Indebtedness (whether direct, indirect or
contingent, and including, without limitation, interest on all convertible
debt), but excluding Construction Interest.

Interest Options shall mean the Base Rate and the Eurodollar Rate, and
"Interest Option" means either of them.

Interest Payment Dates shall mean (a)  for Base Rate Borrowings, the first
(1st) day of each calendar month and the Maturity Date; and (b) for Eurodollar
Rate Borrowings, the first (1st) day of each calendar month, the end of the
applicable Interest Period, and the Maturity Date.

Interest Period shall mean, for each Eurodollar Rate Borrowing, a period
commencing on the date such Eurodollar Rate Borrowing was made and ending on the
numerically corresponding day which is, subject to availability, one (1), two
(2), three (3) or six (6) months thereafter; provided, (v) any Interest Period
which would otherwise end on a day which is not a Eurodollar Business Day shall
be extended to the next succeeding Eurodollar Business Day, unless such
Eurodollar Business Day falls in another calendar month, in which case such
Interest Period shall end on the next preceding Eurodollar Business Day; (w) any
Interest Period which begins on the last Eurodollar Business Day of a calendar
month (or on a day for which there is

<PAGE>

no numerically corresponding day in the calendar month at the end of such
Interest Period) shall end on the last Eurodollar Business Day of the
appropriate calendar month; (x) no Interest Period shall ever extend beyond the
Maturity Date; and (y) Interest Periods shall be selected by Borrower in such a
manner that the Interest Period with respect to any portion of the Loans which
shall become due shall not extend beyond such due date.

Legal Requirement shall mean any law, statute, ordinance, decree, requirement,
order, judgment, rule, regulation (or interpretation of any of the foregoing)
of, and the terms of any license or permit issued by, any Governmental
Authority.

Lender Commitment means, for any Lender, the amount set forth opposite such
Lender's name on its signature page of this Agreement, or as may hereafter
become a signatory hereto.

Lien shall mean any mortgage, pledge, charge, encumbrance, security interest,
collateral assignment or other lien or restriction of any kind, whether based on
common law, constitutional provision, statute or contract, and shall include
reservations, exceptions, encroachments, easements, rights of way, covenants,
conditions, restrictions, leases and other title exceptions.

Loans shall mean the Loans described in Sections 2.1 and 2.2 hereof.  Loan
shall mean any such Loan.

Majority Lenders shall mean the Lenders with an aggregate amount of at least
sixty-six and 67/100 percent (66.67%) of the amount of the Commitment then
outstanding.

Material Adverse Change shall mean a change which could reasonably be expected
to have a Material Adverse Effect.

Material Adverse Effect means a material adverse effect on (a) the financial
condition, or results of operations of Borrower and its Subsidiaries taken as a
whole, (b) the ability of Borrower to perform its obligations under any Credit
Document to which it is a party, (c) the validity or enforceability of any of
such Credit Documents, or (d) the rights and remedies of Lenders and Agent under
any of the Credit Documents.

Maturity Date shall mean (a) the Revolving Credit Termination Date prior to
any conversion of the Loans to the Term Loan, and (b) the Termination Date as to
the Term Loan.

Moody's Rating shall mean the senior unsecured debt rating from time to time
received by the Borrower from Moody's Investor Service.

Non-recourse Debt shall mean any Indebtedness the payment of which the
Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries is not obligated to make other than to the
extent of any security therefor.

Notes shall mean the promissory notes of the Borrower described in Section 2.1
hereof, including the Swing Loan Note, any and all renewals, extensions,
modifications, rearrangements and replacements thereof and any and all
substitutions therefor, and Note shall mean any one of them.

Obligations shall mean, as at any date of determination thereof, the sum of
(a) the aggregate amount of Loans outstanding

<PAGE>

hereunder plus (b) all other liabilities, obligations and Indebtedness of any
Parties under any Credit Document.

Officer's Certificate shall mean a certificate in the form attached hereto as
Exhibit A.

Organizational Documents shall mean, with respect to a corporation, the
certificate of incorporation, articles of incorporation and bylaws of such
corporation; with respect to a partnership, the partnership agreement
establishing such partnership; with respect to a joint venture, the joint
venture agreement establishing such joint venture, and with respect to a trust,
the instrument establishing such trust; in each case including any and all
modifications thereof as of the date of the Credit Document referring to such
Organizational Document and any and all future modifications thereof which are
consented to by the Lenders.

Opinion Letters shall mean the opinion letters of independent counsel for the
Borrower, each in Proper Form.

Parties shall mean all Persons other than the Agent, the Co-Agent or any
Lender executing any Credit Document.

Past Due Rate shall mean, on any day, a rate per annum equal to the Ceiling
Rate for that day, or only if applicable law imposes no maximum nonusurious rate
of interest for that day, then the Past Due Rate for that day shall be a rate
per annum equal to the Base Rate plus an additional three percent (3%) per
annum, but in any event not to exceed the Ceiling Rate.

Percentage shall mean the amount, expressed as a percentage, of each Lender
Commitment as compared to the Commitment, set forth opposite the Lender's name
on its signature page of this Agreement, or as may hereafter become signatory
hereto.

Permitted Encumbrances shall mean (a) encumbrances consisting of zoning
restrictions, easements, or other restrictions on the use of real property,
provided that such items do not materially impair the use of such property for
the purposes intended and none of which is violated in any material respect by
existing or proposed structures or land use; (b) the following:  (i) Liens for
taxes not yet due and payable, or being diligently contested in good faith, or
where no Material Adverse Effect could reasonably be expected to result from
such nonpayment or the imposition of such Lien; or (ii) materialmen's,
mechanic's, warehousemen's and other like Liens arising in the ordinary course
of business, securing payment of Indebtedness whose payment is not yet due, or
that are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings diligently
conducted, and for or against which the Borrower has established adequate
reserves in accordance with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles; (c) Liens
for taxes, assessments and governmental charges or assessments that are being
contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings diligently conducted, and for
or against which the Borrower has established adequate reserves in accordance
with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles; (d) Liens on real property which
are insured around or against by title insurance; (e) Liens securing assessments
or charges payable to a property owner association or similar entity which
assessments are not yet due and payable or are being diligently contested in
good faith; and (f) Liens securing this Agreement and Indebtedness hereunder.

<PAGE>

Person shall mean any individual, corporation, trust, unincorporated
organization, Governmental Authority or any other form of entity.

Prime Rate shall mean, as of a particular date, the prime rate of interest per
annum most recently determined by the Agent and thereafter entered in the
minutes of the Agent's Loan and Discount Committee, automatically fluctuating
upward or downward with and at the time specified in each such determination
without notice to Borrower or any other Person; each change in the Prime Rate
shall be effective on the date such change is determined; which Prime Rate may
not necessarily represent the Agent's lowest or best rate actually charged to a
customer.

Proper Form shall mean in form and substance satisfactory to the Lenders.

Property shall mean any interest in any kind of property or asset, whether
real, personal or mixed, tangible or intangible.

Quarterly Unaudited Financial Statements shall mean the quarterly financial
statements of a Person, including all notes thereto, which statements shall
include a balance sheet as of the end of such quarter and an income statement
for such fiscal quarter, and for the fiscal year to date, a statement of cash
flows for such quarter and for the fiscal year to date, subject to normal year-
end adjustments, and a detailed listing of the Borrower's Property and the
Historical Value thereof, all setting forth in comparative form the
corresponding figures for the corresponding fiscal period of the preceding year
(or, in the case of the balance sheet, the end of the preceding fiscal year),
prepared in accordance with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles except that
the Quarterly Unaudited Financial Statements may contain condensed footnotes as
permitted by regulations of the United States Securities and Exchange
Commission, and certified as true and correct by a managing director or vice
president of Borrower's REIT Manager. The Quarterly Unaudited Financial
Statements shall be prepared on a consolidated basis in accordance with
Generally Accepted Accounting Principles.

Rate Designation Date shall mean 10:00 a.m., Houston, Texas time, on the date
three (3) Eurodollar Business Days preceding the first day of any proposed
Interest Period.

Rate Designation Notice shall mean a written notice substantially in the form
of Exhibit B.

Regulation D shall mean Regulation D of the Board of Governors of the Federal
Reserve System from time to time in effect and shall include any successor or
other regulation relating to reserve requirements applicable to member lenders
of the Federal Reserve System.

Revolving Credit Termination Date shall mean the earlier to occur of (a)
August 13, 1996 as the same may hereafter be accelerated pursuant to the
provisions of any of the Credit Documents, and (b) the date on which the Loans
are converted into the Term Loan pursuant to Section 2.2 hereof.

S&P Rating shall mean the senior unsecured debt rating from time to time
received by the Borrower from Standard & Poor's Corporation.

<PAGE>

Stated Rate shall, on any day, mean whichever of the Base Rate or the
Eurodollar Rate has been designated and provided pursuant to this Agreement;
provided, that if on any day such rate shall exceed the Ceiling Rate for that
day, the Stated Rate shall be fixed at the Ceiling Rate on that day and on each
day thereafter until the total amount of interest accrued at the Stated Rate on
the unpaid principal balance of the Notes equals the total amount of interest
which would have accrued if there had been no Ceiling Rate.  If the Notes mature
(or are prepaid) before such equality is achieved, then, in addition to the
unpaid principal and accrued interest then owing pursuant to the other
provisions of the Credit Documents, Borrower promises to pay on demand to the
order of the holders of the Notes interest in an amount equal to the excess (if
any) of (a) the lesser of (i) the total interest which would have accrued on the
Notes if the Stated Rate had been defined as equal to the Ceiling Rate from time
to time in effect and (ii) the total interest which would have accrued on the
Notes if the Stated Rate were not so prohibited from exceeding the Ceiling Rate,
over (b) the total interest actually accrued on the Notes to such maturity (or
prepayment) date.

Subsidiary shall mean, as to a particular parent entity, any entity of which
more than fifty percent (50%) of the indicia of voting equity or ownership
rights (whether outstanding capital stock or otherwise) is at the time directly
or indirectly owned by, such parent entity, or by one or more of its other
Subsidiaries.

Swing Loan shall mean a Loan made pursuant to Section 2.1(c) hereof.

Swing Loan Note shall mean that certain promissory note dated of even date
herewith in the original principal amount of $200,000,000.00 executed by the
Borrower payable to the order of TCB.

Tangible Net Worth shall mean total assets (valued at cost less depreciation),
less (1) all intangibles and (2) all liabilities (including contingent and
indirect liabilities), all determined in accordance with Generally Accepted
Accounting Principles.  The term "intangibles" shall include, without
limitation, (i) deferred charges, (ii) the amount of any write-up in the book
value of any assets contained in any balance sheet resulting from revaluation
thereof or any write-up in excess of the cost of such assets acquired, and (iii)
the aggregate of all amounts appearing on the assets side of any such balance
sheet for franchises, licenses, permits, patents, patent applications,
copyrights, trademarks, trade names, goodwill, treasury stock, experimental or
organizational expenses and other like intangibles.  The term "liabilities"
shall include, without limitation, (i) Indebtedness secured by Liens on Property
of the Person with respect to which Tangible Net Worth is being computed whether
or not such Person is liable for the payment thereof, (ii) deferred liabilities,
and (iii) obligations under leases which have been capitalized.  Tangible Net
Worth shall be calculated on a consolidated basis in accordance with Generally
Accepted Accounting Principles.

Taxes means any tax, levy, impost, duty, charge or fee.

Term Loan has the meaning given it in Section 2.2 hereof.

<PAGE>

Termination Date means the date two (2) years after the Revolving Credit
Termination Date, as the same may hereafter be accelerated pursuant to the
provisions of any of the Credit Documents.

Unconsolidated Affiliate shall mean, in respect of any Person, any other
Person in whom such Person holds a voting equity or ownership interest and whose
financial results would not be consolidated under Generally Accepted Accounting
Principles with the financial results of such Person on the consolidated
financial statements of such Person.

Unit Capital Expenditure shall mean, on an annual basis, an amount equal to
the product of (a) the number of apartment units contained in each completed,
operating Property owned by Borrower, any Subsidiary, and any Unconsolidated
Affiliate, pro rated with respect to Unconsolidated Affiliates to reflect
Borrower's interest in such Unconsolidated Affiliate, multiplied by (b) $200.00
prorated to reflect the period of completion, operation and ownership of the
Property by Borrower, the Subsidiary or the Unconsolidated Affiliate.

The following terms shall have the respective meanings ascribed to them in the
Uniform Commercial Code as enacted and in force in the State of Texas on the
date hereof:

accessions, continuation statement, fixtures, general intangibles,
proceeds, security interest and security agreement.

2.   The Loans.

2.1 Advances.  (a)  Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement,
each Lender severally agrees to make Loans (other than Swing Loans) prior to the
Revolving Credit Termination Date to the Borrower not to exceed an amount (in
the aggregate, the "Commitment") at any one time outstanding equal to the
Lender's Lender Commitment.  Each such request for a Loan by Borrower shall be
deemed a request for a Loan from each Lender equal to such Lender's Percentage
of the aggregate amount so requested, and such aggregate amount shall be in an
amount equal to a multiple of $250,000.00 or the difference between the
Commitment and the aggregate principal balance of the Notes, whichever is less.
Each repayment of the Loans shall be deemed a repayment of each Lender's Loan
equal to such Lender's Percentage of the amount so repaid.  The obligations of
the Lenders hereunder are several and not joint, and the preceding two sentences
will give rise to certain inappropriate results if special provisions are not
made to accommodate the failure of a Lender to fund a Loan as and when required
by this Agreement; therefore, notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary,
(A) no Lender shall be required to make Loans at any one time outstanding in
excess of such Lender's Percentage of the Commitment and (B) if a Lender fails
to make a Loan as and when required hereunder and Borrower subsequently makes a
repayment on the Loans, such repayment shall be split among the non-defaulting
Lenders ratably in accordance with their respective Percentages until each
Lender has its Percentage of all of the outstanding Loans, and the balance of
such repayment shall be divided among all of the Lenders in accordance with
their respective Percentages.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, borrowings and
payments of Swing Loans shall be for TCB's own account.  The Loans (other than
Swing Loans) shall be evidenced by the Notes substantially in the form of
Exhibit C attached hereto.  The Borrower, the Agent and the Lenders agree

<PAGE>

that Chapter 15 of the Texas Credit Code shall not apply to this Agreement, the
Notes or any Loan.

(b)  The Borrower shall give the Agent notice of each borrowing to be made
hereunder as provided in Section 3.1 hereof, and the Agent shall deliver same to
each Lender promptly thereafter.  Not later than 11:00 a.m., Houston, Texas
time, on the date specified for each such borrowing hereunder other than Swing
Loans, each Lender shall make available the amount of the Loan, if any, to be
made by it on such date to the Agent at the Agent's principal office in Houston,
Texas, in immediately available funds, for the account of the Borrower.  Such
amounts received by the Agent will be held in Agent's general ledger account.
The amounts so received by the Agent shall, subject to the terms and conditions
of this Agreement, be made available to the Borrower by wiring or otherwise
transferring, in immediately available funds not later than 12:00 noon, Houston,
Texas time, such amount to an account designated by the Borrower and maintained
with Texas Commerce Bank National Association in El Paso, Texas or any other
account or accounts which the Borrower may from time to time designate to the
Agent by a written notice as the account or accounts to which borrowings
hereunder are to be wired or otherwise transferred. TCB shall make available the
amount of each Swing Loan by depositing the same in immediately available funds,
in the foregoing account by 12:00 noon, Houston, Texas time, on the date of the
borrowing.

(c) Subject to the terms and conditions hereof, if necessary to meet the
Borrower's funding deadlines, TCB agrees to make Swing Loans to the Borrower at
any time on or prior to the Revolving Credit Termination Date, not to exceed an
amount at any one time outstanding equal to the lesser of (i) $200,000,000.00,
or (ii) the difference between the Commitment and the unpaid principal balance
of all Loans.  Swing Loans shall constitute "Loans" for all purposes hereunder,
except that Swing Loans shall not be considered a utilization of any Lender's
Lender Commitment.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, the aggregate amount of all
Loans (including, without limitation, all Swing Loans) shall not at any time
exceed the Commitment.  Each request for a Swing Loan shall be in an amount
equal to a multiple of $250,000.00.  If necessary to meet the Borrower's funding
deadlines, the Agent may treat any Request for Loan as a request for a Swing
Loan from TCB and TCB may fund it as a Swing Loan.  Within two (2) Business Days
after each Swing Loan is funded, TCB shall request that each Lender, and each
Lender shall, on the first Business Day after such request is made, purchase a
portion of any one or more Swing Loans in an amount equal to that Lender's
Percentage of such Swing Loans by funding under such Lender's Note, such
purchase to be made in accordance with the terms of Section 2.1(b) of this
Agreement just as if the Lender were funding directly to the Borrower under its
Note (such that all Lenders other than TCB shall fund only under their
respective Note and not under the Swing Loan Note).  Unless the Agent knew or
should have known when TCB funded a Swing Loan that the Borrower had not
satisfied the conditions in this Agreement to obtain a Loan, each Lender's
obligation to purchase an interest in the Swing Loans shall be absolute and
unconditional and shall not be affected by any circumstance, including, without
limitation, (i) any set-off, counterclaim, recoupment, defense or other right
which such Lender or any other Person may have against TCB or any other Person
for any reason whatsoever; (ii) the occurrence or continuance of a Default or
Event of Default or the termination of any Lender Commitment; (iii) any adverse
change in the condition (financial or otherwise) of the Borrower

<PAGE>

or any of its Subsidiaries; (iv) any breach of this Agreement or any other
Credit Documents by the Borrower, any of its Subsidiaries, the Agent or any
other Lender; or (v) any other circumstance, happening or event whatsoever,
whether or not similar to any of the foregoing. Any portion of a Swing Loan not
so purchased and converted may be treated by TCB as a Loan which was not funded
by the non-purchasing Lenders as contemplated in Section 2.1(a) of this
Agreement, and as a funding by TCB under the Commitment in excess of TCB's
Percentage. Each Swing Loan, once so sold, shall cease to be a Swing Loan for
the purposes of this Agreement, but shall be a Loan made under the Commitment
and each Lender's Lender Commitment. The Swing Loans shall be evidenced by the
Swing Loan Note substantially in the form of Exhibit C-1 attached hereto.

2.2  Term Loan Conversion.

(a) Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, if any
Extension Request (as defined in Section 9) shall be denied, the Borrower may
elect to convert the aggregate unpaid principal amount of the Loans (other than
the Swing Loans) outstanding on the date one (1) year prior to the then existing
Revolving Credit Termination Date into a term loan owing to each of the Lenders
(each a "Term Loan"), so long as (i) the Borrower has given the Agent at least
fifteen (15) days prior written notice of the Borrower's intention to so convert
the Loans, (ii) no amounts remain unpaid under the Swing Loan Note, and (iii)
the conditions to make a Loan set forth in Section 3 are satisfied as of the
date of the conversion. Upon the effectiveness of the conversion of the
aggregate unpaid principal amount of the Loans into the Term Loan as
contemplated by this Section, the Borrower shall have no further right to
receive, and no Lender shall have the obligation to make, any advances of Loans.

(b) The Borrower shall repay the principal balance of the Term Loans in
eight (8) equal quarterly installments due on November 13 first following the
Revolving Credit Termination Date, and continuing on the thirteenth (13th) day
of each subsequent February, May, August and November until the Term Loan is
paid in full.  The amount of each aggregate quarterly principal installment
shall be equal to the result of dividing the aggregate unpaid principal balance
of the Loans on the Revolving Credit Termination Date by eight (8).  Accrued and
unpaid interest on the unpaid principal balance of the Term Loan shall continue
to be due and payable on the Interest Payment Dates.  The entire unpaid
principal balance, and all accrued and unpaid interest thereon, of the Term
Loan, together with all other amounts due under this Agreement, shall be due and
payable in full on the Termination Date.

2.3 Payments. (a)  Except to the extent otherwise provided herein, all
payments of principal, interest and other amounts to be made by the Borrower
hereunder, under the Notes and under the other Credit Documents shall be made in
immediately available funds to the Agent at its principal office in Houston,
Texas (or in the case of a successor Agent, at the principal office of such
successor Agent in the United States), not later than 12:00 noon Houston, Texas
time on the date on which such payment shall become due (each such payment made
after such time on such due date to be deemed to have been made on the next
succeeding Business Day).

(b) The Borrower may, at the time of making each payment hereunder, under any
Note or under any other Credit Document,

<PAGE>

specify to the Agent the Loans or other amounts payable by the Borrower
hereunder or thereunder to which such payment is to be applied (and in the event
that it fails so to specify, such payment shall be applied to the Loans (first
to the Swing Loans) or, if no Loans are outstanding, to other amounts then due
and payable, provided that if no Loans or other amounts are then due and payable
or an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, the Agent may apply such
payment to the Obligations in such order as it may elect in its sole discretion,
but subject to the other terms and conditions of this Agreement, including
without limitation Section 2.4 hereof). Each payment received by the Agent
hereunder, under any Note or under any other Credit Document for the account of
a Lender shall be paid promptly to such Lender, in immediately available funds.
If the Agent receives a payment for the account of a Lender prior to 12:00 noon
Houston, Texas time, such payment must be delivered to the Lender on that same
day and if it is not so delivered due to the fault of the Agent, the Agent shall
pay to the Lender entitled to the payment the interest accrued on the amount of
the payment pursuant to said Lender's Note from the date the Agent receives the
payment to the date the Lender received the payment. The Agent may apply
payments received from the Borrower to pay any unpaid principal and interest on
the Swing Loans before making payment to each Lender of amounts due under the
Notes other than the Swing Loan Note.

(c) If the due date of any payment hereunder or under any Note falls on a day
which is not a Business Day or a Eurodollar Business Day, as the case may be,
the due date for such payments shall be extended to the next succeeding Business
Day or Eurodollar Business Day, respectively, and interest shall be payable for
any principal so extended for the period of such extension; provided, however,
that with respect to Eurodollar Rate Borrowings if such extension would cause
the Eurodollar Business Day of payment to fall in another calendar month, the
payment shall be due on the Eurodollar Business Day next preceding the due date
of the payment.

(d) The Borrower shall give the Agent at least one (1) Business Day's prior
written notice of the Borrower's intent to make any payment of principal or
interest under the Credit Documents not scheduled to be paid under the Credit
Documents.  Any such notification of payment shall be irrevocable after it is
made by the Borrower.  Upon receipt by the Agent of such notification of
payment, it shall deliver same to the other Lenders.

2.4 Pro Rata Treatment.  Except to the extent otherwise provided herein:
(a) each borrowing from the Lenders under Section 2.1(a) hereof shall be made
ratably from the Lenders on the basis of their respective Percentages, each
payment of the Fee (hereinafter defined) shall be made for the account of the
Lenders, and shall be applied, prorata, according to the Lenders' respective
Lender Commitment;  and (b) each payment by the Borrower of principal or
interest on the Loans other than the Swing Loans, of any other sums advanced by
the Lenders pursuant to the Credit Documents, and of any other amount owed to
the Lenders other than the Fee, payments of Swing Loans, or any other sums
designated by this Agreement as being owed to a particular Lender, shall be made
to the Agent for the account of the Lenders pro rata in accordance with the
respective unpaid principal amounts of the Loans (other than Swing Loans) held
by the Lenders.  Payments of Swing Loans shall be for TCB's own account.

<PAGE>

2.5 Non-Receipt of Funds by the Agent.  Unless the Agent shall have been
notified by a Lender or the Borrower (the "Payor") prior to the date on which
such Lender is to make payment to the Agent of the proceeds of a Loan (or
purchase of a portion of a Swing Loan) to be made by it hereunder or the
Borrower is to make a payment to the Agent for the account of one or more of the
Lenders, as the case may be (such payment being herein called the "Required
Payment"), which notice shall be effective upon receipt, that the Payor does not
intend to make the Required Payment to the Agent, the Agent may assume that the
Required Payment has been made and may, in reliance upon such assumption (but
shall not be required to), make the amount thereof available to the intended
recipient on such date and, if the Payor has not in fact made the Required
Payment to the Agent, the recipient of such payment shall, on demand, pay to the
Agent the amount made available by the Agent together with interest thereon in
respect of the period commencing on the date such amount was so made available
by the Agent until the date the Agent recovers such amount at a rate per annum
equal to (a) the Past Due Rate for such period if the recipient returning a
Required Payment is the Borrower, or (b) the Federal Funds Effective Rate for
such period if the recipient returning a Required Payment is the Agent or a
Lender.

2.6 Sharing of Payments, Etc.  The Borrower agrees that, in addition to (and
without limitation of) any right of set-off, bankers' lien or counterclaim a
Lender may otherwise have, each Lender shall be entitled, at its option, to
offset balances held by it for the account of the Borrower at any of its
offices, against any principal of or interest on any of such Lender's Loans to
the Borrower hereunder, or other Obligations of the Borrower hereunder,
which is not paid (regardless of whether such balances are then due to the
Borrower), in which case it shall promptly notify the Borrower and the Agent
thereof, provided that such Lender's failure to give such notice shall not
affect the validity thereof.  If a Lender shall obtain payment of any principal
of or interest on any Loan made by it under this Agreement (other than Swing
Loans made by TCB), or other Obligation then due to such Lender hereunder,
through the exercise of any right of set-off, banker's lien, counterclaim or
similar right, or otherwise, it shall promptly purchase from the other Lenders
portions of the Loans made or other Obligations held (other than Swing Loans
made by TCB), by the other Lenders in such amounts, and make such other
adjustments from time to time as shall be equitable to the end that all the
Lenders shall share the benefit of such payment (net of any expenses which may
be incurred by such Lender in obtaining or preserving such benefit) pro rata in
accordance with the unpaid principal and interest on the Obligations then due to
each of them.  To such end all the Lenders shall make appropriate adjustments
among themselves (by the resale of participations sold or otherwise) if such
payment is rescinded or must otherwise be restored.  Nothing contained herein
shall require any Lender to exercise any such right or shall affect the right of
any Lender to exercise, and retain the benefits of exercising, any such right
with respect to any other indebtedness or obligation of the Borrower.

2.7 Fees.  The Borrower shall pay to the Agent for the account of each Lender
fees (collectively, the "Fee") equal to (a) an amount payable as a commitment
fee by the Borrower to the Agent for the account of each Lender equal to the
portion of the daily unused amount of the Commitment listed below multiplied by
the corresponding rate per annum applicable to that portion:

<PAGE>

Unused Commitment                        Rate

Up to but not including $115,000,000           0.1250%

$115,000,000 up to and including
$230,000,000                                   0.1875%

Over $230,000,000                              0.2500%

such commitment fee to be payable in arrears on or before the tenth (10th) day
of each April, July, October and January, and (b) if the Revolving Credit
Termination Date is extended pursuant to Section 9 of this Agreement, or if the
Loans are converted to the Term Loan pursuant to Section 2.2 of this Agreement,
an amount payable as an extension or conversion fee, as the case may be, by the
Borrower to the Agent for the account of each Lender that extends or converts,
as the case may be, equal to one-fourth of one percent (1/4%) of (i) each
Lender's Lender Commitment at that time if the Revolving Credit Termination Date
is extended, or (ii) the aggregate unpaid principal balance of each Loan payable
to each Lender on the Revolving Credit Termination Date, if converted to a Term
Loan.  The Fee shall not be refundable (except as required by Section 3.1(c) of
this Agreement).  Any portion of the Fee which is not paid by the Borrower when
due shall bear interest at the Past Due Rate from the date due until the date
paid by the Borrower.  The Fee shall be calculated on the actual number of days
elapsed in a year deemed to consist of 360 days.

3.   Conditions.

3.1 All Loans.  The obligation of any Lender to make any Loan is subject to
the accuracy of all representations and warranties of the Borrower on the date
of such Loan, to the performance by the Borrower of its obligations under the
Credit Documents and to the satisfaction of the following further conditions:
(a) the Agent shall have received the following, all of which shall be duly
executed and in Proper Form: (1) a Request for Loan, substantially in the form
of Exhibit D and an Officer's Certificate in the form of Exhibit A (i) by 9:00
a.m., Houston, Texas time, one (1) Business Day before the date (which shall
also be a Business Day) of the proposed Loan which is to be a Base Rate
Borrowing (other than Swing Loans), (ii) by 9:00 a.m., Houston, Texas time, on
the same Business Day of any proposed Swing Loan, provided that prior to 5:00
p.m., Houston, Texas time one (1) Business Day before the date of the proposed
Swing Loan, Borrower shall have notified TCB, in writing or by telephone, of its
intent to submit a request for a Swing Loan, or (iii) by the Rate Designation
Date of the proposed Loan which is to be a Eurodollar Rate Borrowing; and (2)
such other documents as the Agent may reasonably require to satisfy itself or
the request of any Lender; (b) no Default or Event of Default shall have
occurred and be continuing; (c) the making of the Loan shall not be prohibited
by any Legal Requirement (in which event the applicable portion of the Fee will
not be charged to the Borrower); (d) the Borrower shall have paid all legal fees
and expenses of the type described in Section 5.10 hereof through the date of
such Loan; and (e) in the case of a Loan other than a Swing Loan, all Swing
Loans then outstanding shall have been paid or shall be paid with the proceeds
of such Loan.

3.2 First Loan.  In addition to the matters described in Section 3.1 hereof,
the obligation of the Lenders to make the first Loan hereunder is subject to the
receipt by the Lenders of

<PAGE>

each of the following, in Proper Form: (a) the Notes, executed by the Borrower;
(b) a certificate executed by the Secretary of the Borrower dated as of the date
hereof; (c) a certificate from the Secretary of State or other appropriate
public official of Maryland as to the continued existence and good standing of
the Borrower; (d) a certificate from the appropriate public official of every
state where the location of the Borrower's Property requires it to be qualified
to do business as to the due qualification and good standing of the Borrower;
(e) a legal opinion from independent counsel for the Borrower as to the matters
set forth on Exhibit E acceptable to the Lenders; (f) policies of insurance
addressed to the Agent reflecting the insurance required by Section 5.7 hereof;
and (g) an Officer's Certificate in the form of Exhibit A; and to the further
condition that, at the time of the initial Loan, all legal matters incident to
the transactions herein contemplated shall be satisfactory to Liddell, Sapp,
Zivley, Hill & LaBoon, L.L.P., counsel for the Agent.

3.3 Options Available.  The outstanding principal balance of the Notes shall
bear interest at the Base Rate; provided, that (1) all past due amounts, both
principal and accrued interest, shall bear interest at the Past Due Rate, and
(2) subject to the provisions hereof, Borrower shall have the option of having
all or any portion of the principal balance of the Notes, other than the Swing
Loan Note, from time to time outstanding bear interest at a Eurodollar Rate.
The records of the Lenders with respect to Interest Options, Interest Periods
and the amounts of Loans to which they are applicable shall be prima facie
evidence thereof.  Interest on the Loans shall be calculated at the Base Rate
except where it is expressly provided pursuant to this Agreement that a
Eurodollar Rate is to apply.

3.4 Designation and Conversion.  Borrower shall have the right to designate or
convert its Interest Options in accordance with the provisions hereof. Provided
no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing and subject to the provisions
of Section 3.5, Borrower may elect to have a Eurodollar Rate apply or continue
to apply to all or any portion of the principal balance of the Notes, other than
the Swing Loan Note. Each change in Interest Options shall be a conversion of
the rate of interest applicable to the specified portion of the Loans, but such
conversion shall not change the respective outstanding principal balance of the
Notes. The Interest Options shall be designated or converted in the manner
provided below:

(a) Borrower shall give Agent telephonic notice, promptly confirmed by a Rate
Designation Notice.  Each such telephonic and written notice shall specify the
amount of Loan which is the subject of the designation, if any; the amount of
borrowings into which such borrowings are to be converted or for which an
Interest Option is designated; the proposed date for the designation or
conversion and the Interest Period, if any, selected by Borrower.  Such
telephonic notice and the Rate Designation Notice shall be irrevocable and shall
be given to Agent no later than the applicable Rate Designation Date.  The Agent
shall promptly deliver the Rate Designation Notice to the Lenders.

(b) No more than twelve (12) Eurodollar Rate Borrowings with twelve (12)
Interest Periods shall be in effect at any time.

(c) Each designation or conversion of a Eurodollar Rate Borrowing shall occur
on a Eurodollar Business Day.

<PAGE>

(d) Except as provided in Section 3.5 hereof, no Eurodollar Rate Borrowing
shall be converted on any day other than the last day of the applicable Interest
Period.

(e) Unless a Rate Designation Notice to the contrary is received as provided
in this Agreement, each Eurodollar Rate Borrowing will convert to a Base Rate
Borrowing after the expiration of the Interest Period.

3.5  Special Provisions Applicable to Eurodollar Rate Borrowings.

(a) Options Unlawful.  If the adoption of any applicable Legal Requirement or
any change in any applicable Legal Requirement or in the interpretation or
administration thereof by any Governmental Authority or compliance by the
Lenders with any request or directive (whether or not having the force of law)
of any central bank or other Governmental Authority shall at any time make it
unlawful or impossible for any Lender to permit the establishment of or to
maintain any Eurodollar Rate Borrowing, the commitment of the Lenders to
establish or maintain such Eurodollar Rate Borrowing shall forthwith be
suspended until such condition shall cease to exist and Borrower shall
forthwith, upon demand by Agent to Borrower, (1) convert the Eurodollar Rate
Borrowing with respect to which such demand was made to a Base Rate Borrowing;
(2) pay all accrued and unpaid interest to date on the amount so converted; and
(3) pay any amounts required to compensate the Lenders for any additional cost
or expense which the Lenders may incur as a result of such adoption of or change
in such Legal Requirement or in the interpretation or administration thereof and
any Funding Loss which the Lenders may incur as a result of such conversion.
If, when Agent so notifies Borrower, Borrower has given a Rate Designation
Notice specifying a Eurodollar Rate Borrowing but the selected Interest Period
has not yet begun, such Rate Designation Notice shall be deemed to be of no
force and effect, as if never made, and the balance of the Loans specified in
such Rate Designation Notice shall bear interest at the Base Rate until a
different available Interest Option shall be designated in accordance herewith.

(b) Increased Cost of Borrowings.  If the adoption of any applicable Legal
Requirement or any change in any applicable Legal Requirement or in the
interpretation or administration thereof by any Governmental Authority or
compliance by any Lender with any request or directive of general applicability
(whether or not having the force of law) of any central bank or Governmental
Authority shall at any time as a result of any portion of the principal balance
of the Notes being maintained on the basis of a Eurodollar Rate:

(1)  subject any Lender (or make it apparent that any Lender is subject) to
any Taxes, or any deduction or withholding for any Taxes, on or from
any payment due under any Eurodollar Rate Borrowing or other amount
due hereunder, other than income and franchise taxes of the United
States and its political subdivisions; or

(2)  change the basis of taxation of payments due from Borrower to any
Lender under any Eurodollar Rate Borrowing (otherwise than by a change
in the rate of taxation of the overall net income of a Lender); or

<PAGE>

(3)  impose, modify, increase or deem applicable any reserve requirement
(excluding that portion of any reserve requirement included in the
calculation of the applicable Eurodollar Rate), special deposit
requirement or similar requirement (including, but not limited to,
state law requirements and Regulation D) imposed, modified, increased
or deemed applicable by any Governmental Authority against assets held
by any Lender, or against deposits or accounts in or for the account
of any Lender, or against loans made by any Lender, or against any
other funds, obligations or other property owned or held by any
Lender; or

(4)  impose on any Lender any other condition regarding any Eurodollar Rate
Borrowing;

and the result of any of the foregoing is to increase the cost to any
Lender of agreeing to make or of making, renewing or maintaining such
Eurodollar Rate Borrowing, or reduce the amount of principal or interest
received by any Lender, then, upon demand by Agent, Borrower shall pay to
such Lender, from time to time as specified by such Lender, additional
amounts which shall compensate such Lender for such increased cost or
reduced amount.  Agent will promptly notify Borrower in writing of any
event which will entitle any Lender to additional amounts pursuant to this
paragraph.  A Lender's determination of the amount of any such increased
cost, increased reserve requirement or reduced amount shall be prima facie
evidence thereof.  Borrower shall have the right, if it receives from Agent
any notice referred to in this paragraph, upon three Business Days' notice
to Agent, either (i) to repay in full (but not in part) any borrowing with
respect to which such notice was given, together with any accrued interest
thereon, or (ii) to convert the Eurodollar Rate Borrowing which is the
subject of the notice to a Base Rate Borrowing; provided, that any such
repayment or conversion shall be accompanied by payment of (x) the amount
required to compensate a Lender for the increased cost or reduced amount
referred to in the preceding paragraph; (y) all accrued and unpaid interest
to date on the amount so repaid or converted, and (z) any Funding Loss
which any Lender may incur as a result of such repayment or conversion.

(c) Inadequacy of Pricing and Rate Determination.  If for any reason with
respect to any Interest Period Agent shall have determined (which
determination shall be prima facie evidence thereof) that:

(1)  Agent is unable through its customary general practices to determine
any applicable Eurodollar Rate, or

(2)  by reason of circumstances affecting the applicable market generally,
Agent is not being offered deposits in United States dollars in such
market, for the applicable Interest Period and in an amount equal to
the amount of any applicable Eurodollar Rate Borrowing requested by
Borrower, or

<PAGE>

(3)  any applicable Eurodollar Rate will not adequately and fairly reflect
the cost to the Lenders of making and maintaining such Eurodollar Rate
Borrowing hereunder for any proposed Interest Period,

then Agent shall give Borrower notice thereof and thereupon, (A) any Rate
Designation Notice previously given by Borrower designating the applicable
Eurodollar Rate Borrowing which has not commenced as of the date of such
notice from Agent shall be deemed for all purposes hereof to be of no force
and effect, as if never given, and (B) until Agent shall notify Borrower
that the circumstances giving rise to such notice from Agent no longer
exist, each Rate Designation Notice requesting the applicable Eurodollar
Rate shall be deemed a request for a Base Rate Borrowing, and any
applicable Eurodollar Rate Borrowing then outstanding shall be converted,
without any notice to or from Borrower, upon the termination of the
Interest Period then in effect with respect to it, to a Base Rate
Borrowing.

(d) Funding Losses.  Borrower shall indemnify the Agent and each Lender
against and hold the Agent and each Lender harmless from any Funding Loss.  This
agreement shall survive the payment of the Notes.  A certificate as to any
additional amounts payable pursuant to this subsection and setting forth the
reasons for the Funding Loss submitted by Agent to Borrower shall be prima facie
evidence thereof.

3.6 Funding Offices; Adjustments Automatic; Calculation Year.  Any Lender may,
if it so elects, fulfill its obligation as to any Eurodollar Rate Borrowing by
causing a branch or affiliate of such Lender to make such Loan and may transfer
and carry such Loan at, to, or for the account of, any branch office or
affiliate of such Lender; provided, that in such event for the purposes of this
Agreement such Loan shall be deemed to have been made by such Lender and the
obligation of Borrower to repay such Loan shall nevertheless be to such Lender
and shall be deemed held by it for the account of such branch or affiliate.
Without notice to Borrower or any other person or entity, each rate required to
be calculated or determined under this Agreement shall automatically fluctuate
upward and downward in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement.

3.7 Funding Sources, Payment Obligations.  Notwithstanding any provision of
this Agreement to the contrary, each Lender shall be entitled to fund and
maintain its funding of all or any part of the Loans in any manner it sees fit,
it being understood, however, that for the purposes of this Agreement all
determinations hereunder shall be made as if each Lender had actually funded and
maintained each Eurodollar Rate Borrowing during each Interest Period through
the purchase of deposits having a maturity corresponding to such Interest Period
and bearing an interest rate equal to the Eurodollar Rate for such Interest
Period.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, Funding Losses, increased costs and
other obligations relating to Eurodollar Rate Borrowings described in Section
3.5 of this Agreement will only be paid by the Borrower as and when actually
incurred by the Lenders.

3.8 Mitigation, Non-Discrimination.  (a)  Each Lender will notify the Borrower
through the Agent of any event occurring

<PAGE>

after the date of this Agreement which will require or enable such Lender to
take the actions described in Sections 3.5(a) or (b) of this Agreement as
promptly as practicable after it obtains knowledge thereof and determines to
request such action, and (if so requested by the Borrower through the Agent)
will designate a different lending office of such Lender for the applicable
Eurodollar Rate Borrowing or will take such other action as the Borrower
reasonably requests if such designation or action is consistent with the
internal policy of such Lender and legal and regulatory restrictions, can be
undertaken at no additional cost, will avoid the need for, or reduce the amount
of, such action and will not, in the sole opinion of such Lender, be
disadvantageous to such Lender (provided that such Lender will have no
obligation to designate a different lending office which is located in the
United States of America).

(b) None of the Lenders shall be able to pass through to the Borrower
changes and costs under Section 3.5 of this Agreement on a discriminating basis,
such that such changes and costs are not also passed through by each Lender to
other customers of such Lender similarly situated where such customer is subject
to documents providing for such pass through.

(c) If any Lender elects under Section 3.5 of this Agreement to suspend or
terminate the availability of Eurodollar Rate Borrowings for any material period
of time, and the event giving rise to such election is not generally applicable
to all of the Lenders, the Borrower may within sixty (60) days after
notification of such Lender's election, and so long as no Event of Default is
then in existence, either (i) demand that such Lender, and upon such demand,
such Lender shall promptly, assign its Lender Commitment to another financial
institution subject to and in accordance with the provisions of Section 10.6 of
this Agreement for a purchase price equal to the unpaid balance of principal,
accrued interest, the unpaid balance of the Fee and expenses owing to such
Lender pursuant to this Agreement, or (ii) pay such Lender the unpaid balance of
principal, accrued interest, the unpaid balance of the Fee and expenses owing to
such Lender pursuant to this Agreement, whereupon, such Lender shall no longer
be a party to this Agreement or have any rights or obligations hereunder or
under any other Credit Documents, and the Commitment shall immediately and
permanently be reduced by an amount equal to the Lender Commitment of such
Lender.

4.   Representations and Warranties.

To induce the Lenders to enter into this Agreement and to make the Loans, the
Borrower represents and warrants to the Agent and the Lenders as follows:

4.1.  Organization.  The Borrower is duly organized, validly existing and in
good standing as a real estate investment trust under the laws of the state of
Maryland; has all power and authority to conduct its business as presently
conducted; and is duly qualified to do business and in good standing in every
state where the location of its Property requires it to be qualified to do
business, unless the failure to be so qualified could not reasonably be expected
to have a Material Adverse Effect.

4.2 Financial Statements.  The financial statements delivered to the Agent
fairly present, in accordance with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles
(provided, however, that the Quarterly Unaudited Financial Statements are
subject to

<PAGE>

normal year-end adjustments and may contain condensed footnotes as
permitted by regulations of the United States Securities and Exchange
Commission), the financial condition and the results of operations of the
Borrower as at the dates and for the periods indicated.  No Material Adverse
Change has occurred since the dates of such financial statements.  The Borrower
is not subject to any instrument or agreement which would materially prevent it
from conducting its business as it is now conducted or as it is contemplated to
be conducted.

4.3 Enforceable Obligations; Authorization.  The Credit Documents are legal,
valid and binding obligations of the Parties, enforceable in accordance with
their respective terms, except as may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency and
other laws affecting creditors' rights generally and by general equitable
principles.  The execution, delivery and performance of the Credit Documents
have all been duly authorized by all necessary action; are within the power and
authority of the Parties; do not and will not contravene or violate any Legal
Requirement or the Organizational Documents of the Parties; do not and will not
result in the breach of, or constitute a default under, any agreement or
instrument by which the Parties or any of their respective Property may be bound
or affected, except where such breach or default could not reasonably be
expected to have a Material Adverse Effect; and do not and will not result in
the creation of any Lien upon any Property of any of the Parties except as
expressly contemplated therein.  All necessary permits, registrations and
consents for such making and performance have been obtained except where the
lack thereof could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

4.4 Other Debt.  The Borrower is not in default in the payment of any other
Indebtedness or under any agreement, mortgage, deed of trust, security agreement
or lease to which it is a party which default could reasonably be expected to
have a Material Adverse Effect.

4.5 Litigation.  There is no litigation or administrative proceeding pending
or, to the knowledge of the Borrower, threatened against, or any outstanding
judgment, order or decree affecting, the Borrower before or by any Governmental
Authority which is not adequately covered by insurance or which, if determined
adversely to the Borrower could reasonably be expected to have a Material
Adverse Effect. The Borrower is not in default with respect to any judgment,
order or decree of any Governmental Authority which default could reasonably be
expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

4.6 Taxes.  The Borrower has filed all tax returns required to have been filed
and paid all taxes shown thereon to be due, except those for which extensions
have been obtained, those which are being contested in good faith and those for
which the Borrower's failure to file a return or pay could not reasonably be
expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

4.7 Regulation U.  None of the proceeds of any Loan will be used for the
purpose of purchasing or carrying directly or indirectly any margin stock or for
any other purpose that would constitute this transaction a "purpose credit"
within the meaning of Regulation U of the Board of Governors of the Federal
Reserve System.

4.8 Subsidiaries.  The Borrower has no Subsidiaries which individually or in
the aggregate own more than twenty-five

<PAGE>

percent (25%) in value of the Borrower's and the Subsidiaries' consolidated
assets determined in accordance with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles.
Each of the Borrower's Subsidiaries is a "qualified REIT subsidiary" under
Section 856 of the Code.

4.9 Securities Act of 1933.  Other than the Agent's efforts in syndicating the
Loans (for which the Agent is responsible) neither the Borrower nor any agent
acting for it has offered the Notes or any similar obligation of the Borrower
for sale to or solicited any offers to buy the Notes or any similar obligation
of the Borrower from any Person other than the Agent or any Lender, and neither
the Borrower nor any agent acting for it will take any action which would
subject the sale of the Note to the provisions of Section 5 of the Securities
Act of 1933, as amended.

4.10  No Contractual or Corporate Restrictions.  The Borrower is not a party
to, or bound by, any contract, agreement or charter or other corporate
restriction materially and adversely affecting its business, Property, assets,
operations  or condition, financial or otherwise.

4.11  Investment Company Act Not Applicable.  The Borrower is not an
"investment company", or a company  "controlled" by an "investment company",
within the meaning of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended.

4.12  Public Utility Holding Company Act Not Applicable.  The Borrower is not
a "holding company", or a "subsidiary company" of a "holding company", or an
"affiliate" of a "holding company", or an affiliate of a "subsidiary company" of
a "holding company", as such terms are defined in the Public Utility Holding
Company Act of 1935, as amended.

4.13  ERISA Not Applicable.  The Borrower is not subject to any requirements
of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 as amended from time to
time, or any rules, regulations, rulings or interpretations adopted by the
Internal Revenue Service or the Department of Labor thereunder.

5.   Affirmative Covenants.

The Borrower covenants and agrees with the Agent and the Lenders that prior to
the termination of this Agreement it will do, and if necessary cause to be done,
each and all of the following:

5.1 Taxes, Insurance, Existence, Regulations, Property, etc.  At all times (a)
pay when due all taxes and governmental charges of every kind upon it or against
its income, profits or Property, unless and only to the extent that the same
shall be contested in good faith and reserves which are adequate under Generally
Accepted Accounting Principles have been established therefor, or unless such
failure to pay could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse
Effect; (b) do all things necessary to preserve its existence, qualifications,
rights and franchises in all States where such qualification is necessary or
desirable, except where failure to obtain the same could not reasonably be
expected to have a Material Adverse Effect; (c) comply with all applicable Legal
Requirements in respect of the conduct of its business and the ownership of its
Property except where failure to so comply could not reasonably be expected to
have a Material Adverse Effect; and (d) cause its Property to be protected,
maintained and kept in good repair

<PAGE>

(reasonable wear and tear excepted) and make all replacements and additions to
its Property as may be reasonably necessary to conduct its business.

5.2 Financial Statements and Information.  Furnish to the Agent each of the
following: (a) as soon as available and in any event within 90 days after the
end of each fiscal year of the Borrower, Annual Audited Financial Statements of
the Borrower (which shall include an unaudited statement of Funds From
Operations); (b) as soon as available and in any event within 45 days after the
end of each quarter (except the last quarter) of each fiscal year of the
Borrower, Quarterly Unaudited Financial Statements of the Borrower (which shall
include a statement of Funds From Operations); (c) concurrently with the
financial statements provided for in Subsections 5.2(a) and (b) hereof, an
Officer's Certificate, together with such schedules, computations and other
information (including, without limitation, if provided to Borrower information
as to Unconsolidated Affiliates of the Borrower), in reasonable detail, as may
be required by the Agent to demonstrate compliance with the covenants set forth
herein or reflecting any non-compliance therewith as of the applicable date, all
certified as true, correct and complete by a managing director, vice president
or controller of Borrower's REIT Manager; (d) promptly after the filing thereof,
all reports to or filings made by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries with
the Securities and Exchange Commission, including, without limitation,
registration statements and reports on Forms 10-K, 10-Q and 8-K (or their
equivalents); (e) within two (2) Business Days after the receipt thereof, a copy
of the notification to the Borrower of the Borrower's S&P Rating or Moody's
Rating, or change therein, and (f) such other information relating to the
financial condition and affairs of the Borrower as from time to time may be
reasonably requested by any Lender.  The Agent will send to each Lender the
information received by the Agent pursuant to this Section 5.2 promptly after
the receipt thereof by Agent.

5.3 Financial Tests.  Have and maintain, on a consolidated basis in accordance
with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles: (a) a Debt to Tangible Net Worth
Ratio no greater than 1.0:1.0 at all times; (b) a Coverage Ratio of not less
than 2.0:1.0 at all times; and (c) a Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio of not less
than 1.4:1.0 at all times.

5.4 Inspection. In order to permit the Agent to ascertain compliance with the
Credit Documents, permit the Agent to inspect its Property, to examine its
files, books and records and make and take away copies thereof, and to discuss
its affairs with its officers and accountants, all at such times and intervals
and to such extent as a Lender may reasonably desire.

5.5 Further Assurances.  Promptly execute and deliver any and all other and
further instruments which may be requested by the Agent to cure any defect in
the execution and delivery of any Credit Document or more fully to describe
particular aspects of the Borrower's agreements set forth in the Credit
Documents or so intended to be.

5.6 Books and Records.  Maintain books of record and account in accordance
with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles.

5.7 Insurance.  Maintain insurance with such insurers, on such of its
properties, in such amounts and against such risks as

<PAGE>

is consistent with insurance maintained by businesses of comparable type and
size in the industry, and furnish the Agent satisfactory evidence thereof
promptly upon request.

5.8 Notice of Certain Matters.  Notify the Agent promptly upon acquiring
knowledge of the occurrence of any of the following: the institution or
threatened institution of any lawsuit or administrative proceeding affecting the
Borrower in which the claim exceeds $250,000.00 and if determined adversely
could have a Material Adverse Effect; when the Borrower believes that there has
been a Material Adverse Change; or the occurrence of any Event of Default or any
Default.  The Borrower will notify the Agent in writing at least thirty (30)
Business Days prior to the date that the Borrower changes its name or the
location of its chief executive office or principal place of business or the
place where it keeps its books and records.

5.9 Use of Proceeds.  The proceeds of the Loans will be used  for general
business purposes including (without limitation) for acquisition of multi-family
real estate properties, for the development and enhancement of multi-family real
estate properties, or for the costs of construction of multi-family real estate
projects owned or to be acquired by the Borrower.  Notwithstanding the
foregoing, none of the proceeds of the Loans will be used to finance, fund or
complete any hostile acquisition of any Person.

5.10  Expenses of and Claims Against the Agent and the Lenders.  To the
extent not prohibited by applicable law, the Borrower will pay all reasonable
costs and expenses incurred to third parties and reimburse the Agent and each
Lender, as the case may be, for any and all reasonable expenditures of every
character incurred or expended from time to time, in connection with (a)
regardless of whether a Default or Event of Default shall have occurred, the
Agent's preparation, negotiation and completion of the Credit Documents, and (b)
during the continuance of an Event of Default, all costs and expenses relating
to the Agent's and such Lender's exercising any of its rights and remedies under
this or any other Credit Document, including, without limitation, attorneys'
fees, legal expenses, and court costs; provided, that no rights or option
granted by the Borrower to the Agent or any Lender or otherwise arising pursuant
to any provision of this or any other instrument shall be deemed to impose or
admit a duty on the Agent or any Lender to supervise, monitor or control any
aspect of the character or condition of any property or any operations conducted
in connection with it for the benefit of the Borrower or any other
person or entity other than the Agent or such Lender.  Notwithstanding the
foregoing, the Borrower shall not be charged with any cost or expense incurred
by the Agent or any Lender relating to disputes or claims among or between the
Agent, the Lenders, or any of them unless during the continuance of an Event of
Default and related to details of enforcement of the Lenders' rights under the
Credit Documents.

5.11  Legal Compliance; Indemnification.  The Borrower shall operate its
Property and businesses in full compliance with all Legal Requirements.  It
shall not constitute an Event of Default if there is a failure to comply with
any Legal Requirement which failure could not reasonably be expected to have a
Material Adverse Effect.  The Borrower shall indemnify the Agent and each
Lender, their directors, officers, employees and shareholders (the "Indemnified
Parties") for and defend and hold the Indemnified Parties harmless against any
and all claims, demands,

<PAGE>

liabilities, causes of action, penalties, obligations, damages, judgments,
deficiencies, losses, costs or expenses (including, without limitation,
interest, penalties, attorneys' fees, and amounts paid in settlement) threatened
or incurred by reason of, arising out of or in any way related to any failure of
the Borrower to so comply with the provisions of any Legal Requirement, this
Agreement or the other Credit Documents, and any and all matters arising out of
any act, omission, event or circumstance, regardless of whether the act,
omission, event or circumstance constituted a violation of any such Legal
Requirement, this Agreement or the other Credit Documents at the time of its
existence or occurrence. THE BORROWER SHALL INDEMNIFY THE AGENT AND EACH LENDER
PURSUANT TO THIS SECTION REGARDLESS OF WHETHER THE ACT, OMISSION, FACTS,
CIRCUMSTANCES OR CONDITIONS GIVING RISE TO SUCH INDEMNIFICATION WERE CAUSED IN
WHOLE OR IN PART BY THE AGENT'S OR SUCH LENDER'S NEGLIGENCE (SIMPLE, BUT NOT
GROSS NEGLIGENCE). The Borrower will comply with all Legal Requirements to
maintain, and will at all times qualify as and maintain, its status as a real
estate investment trust under Section 856(c)(1) of the Code.

5.12 Borrower's Performance. If the Borrower should fail to comply with any of
the agreements, covenants or obligations of the Borrower under this Agreement or
any other Credit Document, then the Agent (in the Borrower's name or in Agent's
name) may perform them or cause them to be performed for the account of the
Borrower and at the Borrower's sole expense, but shall not be obligated to do
so. Any and all expenses thus incurred or paid by the Agent and by any Lender
shall be the Borrower's demand obligations to the Agent or such Lender and shall
bear interest from the date of demand therefor until the date that the Borrower
repays it to the Agent or the applicable Lender at the Past Due Rate. Upon
making any such payment or incurring any such expense, the Agent or the
applicable Lender shall be fully subrogated to all of the rights of the Person
receiving such payment. Any amounts owing by the Borrower to the Agent or any
Lender pursuant to this provision or any other provision of this Agreement shall
automatically and without notice be secured by any collateral provided by the
Credit Documents. The amount and nature of any such expense and the time when
paid shall, absent manifest error, be fully established by the affidavit of the
Agent or the applicable Lender or any of the Agent's or the applicable Lender's
officers or agents.

5.13 Professional Services. Promptly upon the Agent's request to satisfy
itself or the request of any Lender, the Borrower, at the Borrower's sole cost
and expense, provided, however, that so long as no Event of Default has occurred
and is continuing, such items will not be at the Borrower's expense, shall: (a)
allow an inspection and/or appraisal of the Borrower's Property to be made by a
Person approved by the Agent in its sole discretion; and (b) if the Agent
believes that an Event of Default has occurred or is about to occur, cause to be
conducted or prepared any other written report, summary, opinion, inspection,
review, survey, audit or other professional service relating to the Borrower's
Property or any operations in connection with it (all as designated in the
Agent's request), including, without limitation, any accounting, auctioneering,
architectural, consulting, engineering, design, legal, management, pest control,
surveying, title abstracting or other technical, managerial or professional
service relating to such property or its operations.

<PAGE>

5.14 Capital Adequacy. (a) If after the date of this Agreement, the Agent or
any Lender shall have determined that the adoption or effectiveness of any
applicable law, rule or regulation regarding capital adequacy of general
applicability, or any change therein, or any change in the interpretation or
administration thereof by any Governmental Authority, central bank or comparable
agency charged with the interpretation or administration thereof, or compliance
by the Agent or any Lender with any request or directive regarding capital
adequacy of general applicability (whether or not having the force of law) of
any such Governmental Authority, central bank or comparable agency, has or would
have the effect of reducing the rate of return on the Agent's or any Lender's
capital as a consequence of its obligations hereunder to a level below that
which the Agent or such Lender could have achieved but for such adoption, change
or compliance (taking into consideration the Agent's or such Lender's policies
with respect to capital adequacy) by an amount deemed by the Agent or such
Lender to be material, then from time to time, the Borrower shall pay to the
Agent or such Lender such additional amount or amounts as will compensate the
Agent or such Lender for such reduction.

(b) A certificate of the Agent or such Lender setting forth such amount or
amounts as shall be necessary to compensate the Agent or such Lender as
specified in Section 5.14(a) hereof and making reference to the applicable law,
rule or regulation shall be delivered as soon as practicable to the Borrower and
shall be prima facie evidence thereof. The Borrower shall pay the Agent or such
Lender the amount shown as due on any such certificate within fourteen (14)
Business Days after the Agent or such Lender delivers such certificate. In
preparing such certificate, the Agent or such Lender may employ such assumptions
and allocations of costs and expenses as it shall in good faith deem reasonable
and may use any reasonable averaging and attribution method.

5.15 Property Pool. The Borrower will at all times own fee simple title to
real estate properties that are not mortgaged, pledged, hypothecated, or
encumbered in any manner other than Permitted Encumbrances (the "Pool") with an
aggregate Historical Value of at least one hundred seventy-five percent (175%)
of the Borrower's unsecured Indebtedness outstanding from time to time, with the
following characteristics: (a) the Pool must include income producing operating
properties (the "Operating Sub-Pool") with an aggregate Historical Value of at
least one hundred fifty percent (150%) of the Borrower's unsecured Indebtedness
outstanding from time to time, (b) the properties included in the Operating Sub-
Pool must have an aggregate occupancy level based on bona fide tenant leases
requiring current rent payments of at least ninety percent (90%), with each
individual property in the Operating Sub-Pool having such an occupancy level of
at least eighty percent (80%), where the occupancy level is the average of the
occupancy level for each of the immediately preceding three (3) months, (c) the
aggregate Historical Value of the properties included in the Operating Sub-Pool
that are located in any one Standard Metropolitan Statistical Area, may not be
more than twenty-five percent (25%) of the aggregate Historical Value of the
Operating Sub-Pool, (d) the aggregate Historical Value of properties included in
the Operating Sub-Pool that are not in cities included as one of the Borrower's
proposed target market cities (as listed on Exhibit F attached hereto and hereby
made a part hereof) may not be more than twenty percent (20%) of the aggregate
Historical Value of the Operating Sub-Pool, (e) the aggregate Historical Value
of the properties included in the

<PAGE>

Operating Sub-Pool that are located in the State of California may not be more
than thirty-five percent (35%) of the aggregate Historical Value of the
Operating Sub-Pool, (f) the average age of the properties included in the
Operating Sub-Pool shall not exceed the sum of ten (10) years increased by one
(1) year on each December 31 after December 31, 1994, (g) the percentage of one
bedroom and efficiency (less than one bedroom or a one bedroom combination)
units to total units in the properties included in the Operating Sub-Pool shall
not exceed sixty-five percent (65%) in the aggregate, (h) any properties added
to the Operating Sub-Pool after the date of this Agreement must be multifamily
properties, and (i) the Borrower must have received from third party independent
environmental consultants, written assessments for each property in, or to be
added to, the Operating Sub-Pool that do not disclose any material environmental
conditions or risks related to such properties.

6.   Negative Covenants.

The Borrower covenants and agrees with the Agent and the Lenders that prior to
the termination of this Agreement it will not do any of the following:

6.1 Indebtedness. Create, incur, suffer or permit to exist, or assume or
guarantee, directly or indirectly, contingently or otherwise, or become or
remain liable with respect to any Indebtedness with a final maturity of five (5)
years or less (not including any renewal or extension options) in excess of
$400,000,000.00 in the aggregate, in all cases whether direct, indirect,
absolute, contingent or otherwise; except (a) Non-recourse Debt, (b)
Indebtedness in the final five (5) years or less of a full payment amortization
schedule providing for periodic payments over the remaining life where no more
than fifty percent (50%) of the original loan amount is amortized in said final
five (5) year or less period, (c) credit enhancement provided by or on behalf of
the Borrower for tax exempt bonds if said credit enhancement has an expiration
date or a maturity date of one (1) year or more, and (d) Indebtedness incurred
by Borrower under its medium term note program consisting of fixed rate,
unsecured, recourse notes issued under the Indenture described in Section 7.1(b)
of this Agreement not to exceed $100,000,000.00 in the aggregate. For the
purposes of the foregoing calculation under (b) above, simultaneously issued
tranches of Indebtedness under the same indenture shall be combined and treated
as a single debt issuance.

6.2 Mergers, Consolidations and Acquisitions of Assets. In any single
transaction or series of related transactions, directly or indirectly: (a)
liquidate or dissolve; (b) other than a merger or consolidation in which the
Borrower is the surviving entity and the value of the assets of the other party
to such merger or consolidation is less than twenty percent (20%) of the value
of the assets of the Borrower on a consolidated basis (in accordance with
Generally Accepted Accounting Principles) after such merger or consolidation, be
a party to any merger or consolidation; (c) other than a merger or consolidation
in which the Borrower is the surviving entity and the value of the assets of the
other party to such merger or consolidation is less than twenty percent (20%) of
the value of the assets of the Borrower on a consolidated basis (in accordance
with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles) after such merger or
consolidation, acquire all or substantially all of the assets of any Person, or
any shares of stock of or similar interest in any other Person; or (d) except
for periodic sales not exceeding

<PAGE>

twenty-five percent (25%) of the Borrower's total assets on a consolidated basis
(in accordance with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles) in any calendar
year, or sales or leases executed in the ordinary course of business, sell,
convey or lease all or any substantial part of its assets.

6.3 Redemption.  At any time redeem, retire or otherwise acquire, directly or
indirectly, any shares of its capital stock if such action would cause the
Borrower to not be in compliance with this Agreement.

6.4 Nature of Business; Management.  Change the nature of its business or
enter into any business which is substantially different from the business in
which it is presently engaged; amend the Borrower's agreements with Borrower's
REIT Manager if such amendments would materially increase amounts payable
thereunder to Borrower's REIT Manager or which would violate any provision of
the Credit Documents; or terminate or allow the termination (whether voluntary
or involuntary) of the Borrower's agreements with Borrower's REIT Manager unless
within thirty (30) days thereafter Borrower's REIT Manager is replaced by an
advisor or management team pursuant to an agreement which is in compliance with
the requirements of the North American Security Administrators Association's
Statement of Policy for Real Estate Investment Trusts and which is otherwise
satisfactory to the Agent and the Majority Lenders.

6.5 Transactions with Related Parties.  Enter into any transaction or
agreement with any officer, director, or holder of more than five percent (5%)
(based on voting rights) of the issued and outstanding capital stock of the
Borrower (or any Affiliate of the Borrower), unless the same is upon terms
substantially similar to those obtainable from qualified wholly unrelated
sources, or complies with the requirements of the Statement of Policy for Real
Estate Investment Trusts promulgated by the North American Security
Administrators Association, as amended from time to time.

6.6 Loans and Investments.  Make  any loan, advance, extension of credit or
capital contribution to, or make or have any investment in, any Person, or make
any commitment to make any such extension of credit or investment, except (a)
travel advances in the ordinary course of business to officers, employees and
agents; (b) readily marketable securities issued or fully guaranteed by the
United States of America (or investments or money market accounts consisting of
the same); (c) commercial paper rated "Prime 1" by Moody's Investors Service,
Inc. or A-1 by Standard and Poor's Corporation (or investments or money market
accounts consisting of the same); (d) certificates of deposit or repurchase
certificates issued by financial institutions acceptable to the Agent (or
investments or money market accounts consisting of the same), all of the
foregoing b, c and d not having a maturity of more than one (1) year from the
date of issuance thereof; (e) securities received in settlement of liabilities
created in the ordinary course of business, or securities in other real estate
investment trusts received in exchange for Property sold to such real estate
investment trusts so long as the market value of such securities does not exceed
ten percent (10%) of the value of the assets of the Borrower on a consolidated
basis (in accordance with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles) prior to
such investment; (f) investments in Subsidiaries through which the Borrower
invests in real estate assets and acquisition and/or construction loans
encumbered by Property of or to be acquired by the Borrower; (g) investments in

<PAGE>

Unconsolidated Affiliates through which the Borrower invests in real estate
assets and acquisition and/or construction loans encumbered by Property of or to
be acquired by the Borrower so long as the aggregate amount of such investments
does not exceed ten percent (10%) of the value of the assets of the Borrower on
a consolidated basis (in accordance with Generally Accepted Accounting
Principles); (h) loans, advances, and extensions of credit to PTR Development
Services secured by valid and enforceable first priority liens on real estate;
and (i) loans, advances, and extensions of credit to Persons (who are not
Affiliates of the Borrower) secured by valid and enforceable first priority
liens on real estate for the purpose of acquiring and developing multifamily
properties for eventual ownership by, or to be acquired by, the Borrower prior
to, or within a reasonable period of time consistent with a business purpose
after, the completion of construction or development of such multifamily
property. The Borrower will not mortgage, pledge, hypothecate or encumber in any
manner the loans, advances or extensions of credit made pursuant to Sections
6.6(h) or (i).

6.7 Limiting Agreements.  Without affecting the provisions of Section 5.15 of
this Agreement, but cumulative of and in addition thereto:

(a) Except for the Indenture dated February 1, 1994 between the Borrower and
Morgan Guaranty Trust Company of New York, as Trustee, neither Borrower nor any
of its Subsidiaries has entered into, and after the date hereof, neither
Borrower nor any of its Subsidiaries shall enter into, any agreement, instrument
or transaction which has or may have the effect of prohibiting or limiting
Borrower's ability to pledge to Agent as security for the Loans assets now or
hereafter owned by Borrower up to the value described in this Section 6.7.
Borrower shall take, and shall cause its Subsidiaries to take, such actions as
are necessary (including, without limitation, otherwise limiting the amount of
secured indebtedness of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries) to preserve the right
and ability of Borrower to pledge assets up to the value described in this
Section 6.7 as security for the Loans without any such pledge after the date
hereof causing or permitting the acceleration (after the giving of notice or the
passage of time, or otherwise) of any other indebtedness of Borrower or any of
its Subsidiaries.  For the purpose of this paragraph, the Historical Value of
the assets to be kept available by Borrower to be pledged as security for the
Loans shall be assets having an aggregate Historical Value of not less than one
hundred thirty-three percent (133%) of the Commitment; provided however that the
foregoing shall not be construed as a maximum amount of collateral which could
be required or accepted by the Lenders under any other agreement or in any
proceeding.

(b) Borrower shall, upon demand, provide to the Lenders such evidence as the
Lenders may reasonably require to evidence Borrower's compliance with this
covenant, which evidence shall include, without limitation (i) copies of any
agreements or instruments which would in any way restrict or limit Borrower's
ability to pledge assets as security for indebtedness, or which provide for the
occurrence of a default (after the giving of notice or the passage of time, or
otherwise) if assets are pledged in the future as security for indebtedness of
the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries, (ii) a summary of the total debt of
Borrower and its Subsidiaries, and (iii) a summary of any of such debt which is
secured by any mortgage, pledge, lien, charge, encumbrance or other security
interest.

<PAGE>

(c) Nothing in this covenant shall be construed as an obligation of Borrower
to, or request by the Lenders that Borrower, grant any mortgage, pledge or
security interest in any of its properties.

6.8  Nature of Assets.  (a) In its own name or the name of any of its
Subsidiaries, own or lease, directly or indirectly, land not improved for
multifamily use, other than land that is either under development or planned for
commencement of development within one (1) year from the date it was acquired,
with an aggregate Historical Value in excess of ten percent (10%) of the value
of the assets of the Borrower on a consolidated basis (in accordance with
Generally Accepted Accounting Principles), or (b) allow the Historical Value of
the income producing properties owned or leased, directly or indirectly, by the
Borrower and its Subsidiaries which are not multifamily properties, to exceed
five percent (5%) of the value of the assets of the Borrower on a consolidated
basis (in accordance with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles).

7.   Events of Default and Remedies.

7.1.  Events of Default.  If any of the following events shall occur, then, as
to the events described in Sections 7.1(b), (c), and (d), if the event has not
been waived, cured or remedied within twenty (20) days after the Agent gives the
Borrower notice of such event, at any time thereafter, and as to all of the
other events described herein, at any time, the Agent may do any or all of the
following:  (1) without notice to the Borrower, declare the Notes to be, and
thereupon the Notes shall forthwith become, immediately due and payable,
together with all accrued interest thereon, without notice of any kind, notice
of acceleration or of intention to accelerate, presentment and demand or
protest, all of which are hereby expressly waived; (2) without notice to the
Borrower, terminate the Commitment; (3) exercise, as may any other Lender, its
rights of offset against each account and all other Property of the Borrower in
the possession of the Agent or any such Lender, which right is hereby granted by
the Borrower to the Agent and each Lender; and (4) exercise any and all other
rights pursuant to the Credit Documents:

(a) The Borrower shall fail to pay or prepay any principal of or
interest on the Notes or any fee or any other obligation hereunder within
five (5) days after it was due; or

(b) The Borrower shall (i) fail to pay when due, or within any
applicable period of grace, any principal of or interest on any other
Indebtedness or Disqualified Stock in excess of $5,000,000.00 in principal
amount; or (ii) fail to comply with Section 1004 of the Indenture dated
February 1, 1994 between the Borrower and Morgan Guaranty Trust Company of
New York, as Trustee, as said Section 1004 may be amended with the consent
of the Majority Lenders; or

(c) Any written representation or warranty made in any Credit Document
by or on behalf of the Borrower, when taken as a whole shall prove to have
been incorrect, false or misleading in any material respect; or

(d) Default shall occur in the punctual and complete performance of any
covenant of the Borrower or any other Person contained in any Credit
Document not specifically set forth in this Section; or

<PAGE>

(e) A final judgment or judgments in the aggregate for the payment of
money in excess of $5,000,000.00 shall be rendered against the Borrower and
the same shall remain undischarged for a period of thirty (30) days during
which execution shall not be effectively stayed; or

(f) Any court shall finally determine, that the Agent or any Lender
does not have a valid Lien as provided for herein on any security which may
have been provided to the Agent or any Lender by the Borrower under the
Credit Documents, or such other Person; or

(g) Any order shall be entered in any proceeding against the Borrower
decreeing the dissolution, liquidation or split-up thereof, and such order
shall remain in effect for more than thirty (30) days; or

(h) The Borrower shall make a general assignment for the benefit of
creditors or shall petition or apply to any tribunal for the appointment of
a trustee, custodian, receiver or liquidator of all or any substantial part
of its business, estate or assets or shall commence any proceeding under
any bankruptcy, reorganization, arrangement, insolvency, readjustment of
debt, dissolution or liquidation law of any jurisdiction, whether now or
hereafter in effect; or

(i) Any such petition or application shall be filed or any such
proceeding shall be commenced against the Borrower and the Borrower by any
act or omission shall indicate approval thereof, consent thereto or
acquiescence therein, or an order shall be entered appointing a trustee,
custodian, receiver or liquidator of all or any substantial part of the
assets of the Borrower or granting relief to the Borrower or approving the
petition in any such proceeding, and such order shall remain in effect for
more than ninety (90) days; or

(j) The Borrower shall fail generally to pay its debts as they become
due or suffer any writ of attachment or execution or any similar process to
be issued or levied against it or any substantial part of its Property
which is not released, stayed, bonded or vacated within thirty (30) days
after its issue or levy; or

(k) The Borrower shall have concealed, removed, or permitted to be
concealed or removed, any part of its Property, with intent to hinder,
delay or defraud its creditors or any of them, or made or suffered a
transfer of any of its Property which may be fraudulent under any
bankruptcy, fraudulent conveyance or similar law; or shall have made any
transfer of its Property to or for the benefit of a creditor at a time when
other creditors similarly situated have not been paid.

7.2 Remedies Cumulative. No remedy, right or power conferred upon the Agent or
the Lenders is intended to be exclusive of any other remedy, right or power
given hereunder or now or hereafter existing at law, in equity, or otherwise,
and all such remedies, rights and powers shall be cumulative.

<PAGE>

8.   The Agent.

8.1 Appointment, Powers and Immunities.  (a) Each Lender hereby irrevocably
appoints and authorizes the Agent to act as its agent hereunder and under the
other Credit Documents with such powers as are specifically delegated to the
Agent by the terms hereof and thereof, together with such other powers as are
reasonably incidental thereto.  The Agent (i) shall not have any duties or
responsibilities except those expressly set forth in this Agreement and the
other Credit Documents, and shall not by reason of this Agreement or any other
Credit Document be a trustee for any Lender; (ii) shall not be responsible to
any Lender for any recitals, statements, representations or warranties contained
in this Agreement or any other Credit Document, or in any certificate or other
document referred to or provided for in, or received by any of them under, this
Agreement or any other Credit Document, or for the value, validity,
effectiveness, genuineness, enforceability, execution, filing, registration,
collectibility, recording, perfection, existence or sufficiency of this
Agreement or any other Credit Document or any other document referred to or
provided for herein or therein or any property covered thereby or for any
failure by any Party or any other Person to perform any of its obligations
hereunder or thereunder, and shall not have any duty to inquire into or pass
upon any of the foregoing matters; (iii) shall not be required to initiate or
conduct any litigation or collection proceedings hereunder or any other Credit
Document except to the extent requested by the Majority Lenders; (iv) SHALL NOT
BE RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY MISTAKE OF LAW OR FACT OR ANY ACTION TAKEN OR OMITTED TO
BE TAKEN BY IT HEREUNDER OR UNDER ANY OTHER CREDIT DOCUMENT OR ANY OTHER
DOCUMENT OR INSTRUMENT REFERRED TO OR PROVIDED FOR HEREIN OR THEREIN OR IN
CONNECTION HEREWITH OR THEREWITH, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, PURSUANT TO ITS
OWN NEGLIGENCE, BUT NOT INCLUDING AND EXCEPT FOR THE GROSS NEGLIGENCE OR WILLFUL
MISCONDUCT OF THE AGENT; (v) shall not be bound by or obliged to recognize any
agreement among or between the Borrower, the Agent, and any Lender other than
this Agreement and the other Credit Documents, regardless of whether the Agent
has knowledge of the existence of any such agreement or the terms and provisions
thereof; (vi) shall not be charged with notice or knowledge of any fact or
information not herein set out or provided to the Agent in accordance with the
terms of this Agreement or any other Credit Document; (vii) shall not be
responsible for any delay, error, omission or default of any mail, telegraph,
cable or wireless agency or operator, and (viii) shall not be responsible for
the acts or edicts of any Governmental Authority.  The Agent may employ agents
and attorneys-in-fact and shall not be responsible for the negligence or
misconduct of any such agents or attorneys-in-fact selected by it with
reasonable care.

(b) Except as specifically provided to the contrary in Section 8.3 of this
Agreement, without the prior written consent of all of the Lenders, Agent shall
not (i) modify or amend in any respect whatsoever the interest rate provisions
of the Credit Documents, (ii) increase the Commitment above $350,000,000.00,
(iii) extend the Maturity Date other than in accordance with the express
provisions of the Credit Documents, (iv) make or consent to any materially
adverse amendment, modification or waiver of any of the terms, covenants,
provisions or conditions of the Credit Documents, (v) waive, compromise or
settle any material claim against Borrower or other person or entity liable for
payment of the Loan in whole or part or for the observance and performance by
the Borrower of any of the terms, covenants, provisions and conditions of the
Credit Documents, or release the

<PAGE>

Borrower from any material obligation or liability under the Credit Documents,
or (vi) waive any material monetary default (that is, one that can be cured by
the payment of money) under the Credit Documents. In its capacity as lead lender
and servicer and without obtaining the prior consent of Lenders, Agent may (1)
extend for reasonable periods the time for the observance or performance by
Borrower of the terms and conditions other than the payment terms of the Credit
Documents, provided that in the reasonable judgment of Agent such extension will
not have a materially adverse effect on the Loan or Borrower's performance of
its obligations under the Credit Documents, (2) agree or consent to any non-
material amendment, modification or waiver of the terms, covenants, provisions
or conditions of the Credit Documents, (3) waive, compromise or settle any non-
material claim against the Borrower or release the Borrower from any non-
material obligation or liability under the Credit Documents, (4) waive any non-
material default under the Credit Documents, and (5) do or perform any act or
thing which in Agent's reasonable judgment is necessary to enable Agent to
discharge and perform its duties under this Agreement. From time to time upon
Agent's request, each Lender shall execute and deliver such documents and
instruments as may be reasonably necessary to enable Agent to effectively
administer and service the Loan in its capacity as lead lender and servicer and
in the manner contemplated by the provisions of this Agreement.

(c) All information provided to the Agent under or pursuant to the Credit
Documents, and all rights of the Agent to receive or request information, or to
inspect information or Property, shall be by the Agent on behalf of the Lenders.
If any Lender requests that it be able to receive or request such information,
or make such inspections, in its own right rather than through the Agent, the
Borrower will cooperate with the Agent and such Lender in order to obtain such
information or make such inspection as such Lender may reasonably require.

(d) The Borrower shall be entitled to rely upon a written notice or a written
response from the Agent as being pursuant to concurrence or consent of the
Majority Lenders unless otherwise expressly stated in the Agent's notice or
response.

8.2 Reliance.  The Agent shall be entitled to rely upon any certification,
notice or other communication (including any thereof by telephone, telex,
telecopy, telegram or cable) believed by it to be genuine and correct and to
have been signed or sent by or on behalf of the proper Person or Persons, and
upon advice and statements of legal counsel (which may be counsel for the
Borrower), independent accountants and other experts selected by the Agent.  The
Agent shall not be required in any way to determine the identity or authority of
any Person delivering or executing the same.  As to any matters not expressly
provided for by this Agreement or any other Credit Document, the Agent shall in
all cases be fully protected in acting, or in refraining from acting, hereunder
and thereunder in accordance with instructions of the Majority Lenders, and any
action taken or failure to act pursuant thereto shall be binding on all of the
Lenders.  If any order, writ, judgment or decree shall be made or entered by any
court affecting the rights, duties and obligations of the Agent under this
Agreement or any other Credit Document, then and in any of such events the Agent
is authorized, in its sole discretion, to rely upon and comply with such order,
writ, judgment or decree which it is advised by legal counsel of its own
choosing is binding upon it under the terms of this Agreement, the relevant
Credit Document or otherwise; and if the

<PAGE>

Agent complies with any such order, writ, judgment or decree, then it shall not
be liable to any Lender or to any other Person by reason of such compliance even
though such order, writ, judgment or decree may be subsequently reversed,
modified, annulled, set aside or vacated.

8.3 Defaults.  The Agent shall not be deemed to have constructive knowledge of
the occurrence of a Default (other than the non-payment of principal of or
interest on Loans) unless it has received notice from a Lender or the Borrower
specifying such Default and stating that such notice is a "Notice of Default".
In the event that the Agent receives such a notice of the occurrence of a
Default, or whenever the Agent has actual knowledge of the occurrence of a
Default, the Agent shall give prompt written notice thereof to the Lenders (and
shall give each Lender prompt notice of each such non-payment).  The Agent shall
(subject to Section 8.7 hereof) take such action with respect to such Default as
shall be directed by the Majority Lenders and within its rights under the Credit
Documents and at law or in equity, provided that, unless and until the Agent
shall have received such directions, the Agent may (but shall not be obligated
to) take such action, or refrain from taking such action, permitted hereby with
respect to such Default as it shall deem advisable in the best interests of the
Lenders and within its rights under the Credit Documents in order to preserve,
protect or enhance the collectibility of the Loans, at law or in equity.
Provided, however, that if there is an occurrence of an Event of Default, then
in no event or under any circumstances shall (a) the interest rate applicable to
the Loan be modified, (b) the Commitment or the maximum principal amount of the
Loans be increased above $350,000,000.00, (c) the Maturity Date be extended
other than as provided for in this Agreement, (d) any material claim against
Borrower be waived, compromised or settled or the Borrower released from any
material obligation or liability under the Credit Documents, (e) any material
monetary default (that is, one that can be cured by the payment of money) under
the Credit Documents be waived, or (f) any of the actions described in Section
8.1(b)(i) through (vi) of this Agreement be taken, without in each instance the
written consent of Agent and all of the Lenders.

8.4 Rights as a Lender.  With respect to the Commitment and the Loans made,
Agent, in its capacity as a Lender hereunder shall have the same rights and
powers hereunder as any other Lender and may exercise the same as though it were
not acting in its agency capacity, and the term "Lender" or "Lenders" shall,
unless the context otherwise indicates, include the Agent in its individual
capacity.  The Agent may (without having to account therefor to any other
Lender) as a Lender, and to the same extent as any other Lender, accept deposits
from, lend money to and generally engage in any kind of banking, trust, letter
of credit, agency or other business with the Borrower (and any of its
Affiliates) as if it were not acting as the Agent but solely as a Lender.  The
Agent may accept fees and other consideration from the Borrower (in addition to
the fees heretofore agreed to between the Borrower and the Agent) for services
in connection with this Agreement or otherwise without having to account for the
same to the Lenders.

8.5 Indemnification.  The Lenders agree to indemnify the Agent, its
officers, directors, agents and Affiliates, ratably in accordance with each
Lender's respective Percentage, for any and all liabilities, obligations,
losses, damages, penalties, actions, judgments, suits, costs, expenses or
disbursements of

<PAGE>

any kind and nature whatsoever (INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE CONSEQUENCES
OF THE NEGLIGENCE OF THE AGENT) which may be imposed on, incurred by or asserted
against the Agent in any way relating to or arising out of this Agreement or any
other Credit Document or any other documents contemplated by or referred to
herein or therein, or the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby
(including, without limitation, interest, penalties, reasonable attorneys' fees
and amounts paid in settlement in accordance with the terms of this Section 8,
but excluding, unless a Default has occurred and is continuing, normal
administrative costs and expenses incident to the performance of its agency
duties hereunder) or the enforcement of any of the terms hereof or thereof or of
any such other documents, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE NEGLIGENCE OF THE
AGENT, provided that no Lender shall be liable for any of the foregoing to the
extent they arise from the gross negligence or willful misconduct of the party
to be indemnified, or from the Agent's default in the express obligations of the
Agent to the Lenders provided for in this Agreement. The obligations of the
Lenders under this Section 8.5 shall survive the termination of this Agreement
and the repayment of the Obligations.

8.6 Non-Reliance on Agent and Other Lenders.  Each Lender agrees that it has
received current financial information with respect to the Borrower and that it
has, independently and without reliance on the Agent or any other Lender and
based on such documents and information as it has deemed appropriate, made its
own credit analysis of the Borrower and decision to enter into this Agreement
and that it will, independently and without reliance upon the Agent or any other
Lender, and based on such documents and information as it shall deem appropriate
at the time, continue to make its own analysis and decisions in taking or not
taking action under this Agreement or any of the other Credit Documents.  The
Agent shall not be required to keep itself informed as to the performance or
observance by any Party of this Agreement or any of the other Credit Documents
or any other document referred to or provided for herein or therein or to
inspect the properties or books of the Borrower or any Party except as
specifically required by the Credit Documents.  Except for notices, reports and
other documents and information expressly required to be furnished to the
Lenders by the Agent hereunder or the other Credit Documents, the Agent shall
not have any duty or responsibility to provide any Lender with any credit or
other information concerning the affairs, financial condition or business of the
Borrower or any other Party (or any of their affiliates) which may come into the
possession of the Agent.  Each Lender assumes all risk of loss in connection
with its Percentage in the Loans to the full extent of its Percentage therein.
The Agent assumes all risk of loss in connection with its Percentage in the
Loans to the full extent of its Percentage therein.

8.7 Failure to Act.  Except for action expressly required of the Agent, as the
case may be, hereunder, or under the other Credit Documents, the Agent shall in
all cases be fully justified in failing or refusing to act hereunder and
thereunder unless it shall receive further assurances to its satisfaction by the
Lenders of their indemnification obligations under Section 8.5 hereof against
any and all liability and expense which may be incurred by it by reason of
taking or continuing to take any such action.

8.8 Resignation of Agent.  Subject to the appointment and acceptance of a
successor Agent as provided below, the Agent may

<PAGE>

resign at any time by giving notice thereof to the Lenders and the Borrower.
Upon any such resignation, (i) the Majority Lenders without the consent of the
Borrower shall have the right to appoint a successor Agent so long as such
successor Agent is also a Lender at the time of such appointment and (ii) the
Majority Lenders shall have the right to appoint a successor Agent that is not a
Lender at the time of such appointment so long as the Borrower consents to such
appointment (which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld). If no successor
Agent shall have been so appointed by the Majority Lenders and accepted such
appointment within 30 days after the retiring Agent's giving of notice of
resignation, then the retiring Agent may, on behalf of the Lenders, and with the
consent of the Borrower which shall not be unreasonably withheld, appoint a
successor Agent. Any successor Agent shall be a bank which has an office in the
United States and a combined capital and surplus of at least $250,000,000.00.
Upon the acceptance of any appointment as Agent hereunder by a successor Agent,
such successor Agent shall thereupon succeed to and become vested with all the
rights, powers, privileges and duties of the retiring Agent, and the retiring
Agent shall be discharged from its duties and obligations as Agent thereafter
arising hereunder and under any other Credit Documents, but shall not be
discharged from any liabilities for its actions as Agent prior to the date of
discharge. Such successor Agent shall promptly specify by notice to the Borrower
its principal office referred to in Section 2.1 and Section 2.3 hereof. After
any retiring Agent's resignation hereunder as Agent, the provisions of this
Section 8 shall continue in effect for its benefit in respect of any actions
taken or omitted to be taken by it while it was acting as the Agent.

8.9 No Partnership.  Neither the execution and delivery of this Agreement nor
any of the other Credit Documents nor any interest the Lenders, the Agent or any
of them may now or hereafter have in all or any part of the Obligations shall
create or be construed as creating a partnership, joint venture or other joint
enterprise between the Lenders or among the Lenders and the Agent.  The
relationship between the Lenders, on the one hand, and the Agent, on the other,
is and shall be that of principals and agent only, and nothing in this Agreement
or any of the other Credit Documents shall be construed to constitute the Agent
as trustee or other fiduciary for any Lender or to impose on the Agent any duty,
responsibility or obligation other than those expressly provided for herein and
therein.

9.   Renewal and Extension.

Neither the Agent nor any Lenders have any agreement or obligation to extend
or renew the Revolving Credit Termination Date.  But in the event such an
extension is requested by the Borrower and any Lender decides to consider such
renewal and extension request, such request and consideration will be governed
by the following terms and conditions:

9.1  Procedure for Consideration of Renewal and Extension Requests.

(a) The Borrower may request the Agent and the Lenders to extend the current
Revolving Credit Termination Date by successive one (1) year intervals by
executing and delivering to the Agent a written request for extension at least
seventy-five (75) days (but not more than ninety (90) days) prior to the date
one (1) year prior to the current Revolving Credit Termination

<PAGE>

Date (the "Extension Request"). If all of the Lenders shall have notified the
Agent on or prior to the date which is forty-five (45) days prior to the date
one (1) year prior to the current Revolving Credit Termination Date that they
accept such Extension Request, the Revolving Credit Termination Date shall be
extended for one (1) year. If any Lender shall not have notified Agent on or
prior to the date which is forty-five (45) days prior to the date one (1) year
prior to the current Revolving Credit Termination Date that it accepts such
Extension Request, the Revolving Credit Termination Date shall not be extended.
The Agent shall promptly notify the Borrower whether the Extension Request has
been accepted or rejected as well as which Lender or Lenders rejected the
Borrower's Extension Request (each such Lender a "Rejecting Lender").

(b) Notwithstanding the preceding subsection (a), within thirty (30) days
after notification from the Agent that the Extension Request has been rejected
(a "Notice of Rejection"), and provided that the aggregate amount of Lender
Commitments of the Rejecting Lenders does not exceed fifteen percent (15%) of
the Commitment, the Borrower may either (i) demand that the Rejecting Lender,
and upon such demand the Rejecting Lender shall promptly, assign its Lender
Commitment to another financial institution subject to and in accordance with
the provisions of Section 10.6 of this Agreement for a purchase price equal to
the unpaid balance of principal, accrued interest, the unpaid balance of the Fee
and expenses owing to the Rejecting Lender pursuant to this Agreement, or (ii)
pay to the Rejecting Lender the unpaid balance of principal, accrued interest,
the unpaid balance of the Fee and expenses owing to the Rejecting Lender
pursuant to this Agreement, whereupon the Rejecting Lender shall no longer be a
party to this Agreement or have any rights or obligations hereunder or under any
other Credit Documents, and the Commitment shall immediately and permanently be
reduced by an amount equal to the Lender Commitment of the Rejecting Lender.  If
all Rejecting Lenders have either assigned their Lender Commitments to other
financial institutions as contemplated by the preceding clause (i) or have been
paid the amounts specified in the preceding clause (ii), then the Borrower's
Extension Request which was initially rejected shall be deemed to have been
granted and accordingly the Revolving Credit Termination Date shall be extended
by one (1) year, otherwise the Revolving Credit Termination Date shall not be
extended.  If the aggregate of Lender Commitments of the Rejecting Lenders
exceeds fifteen percent (15%) of the Commitment, the Revolving Credit
Termination Date shall not be extended.

9.2 Conditions to Renewal and Extension.  Any agreement of the Lenders to
extend the Revolving Credit Termination Date under Section 9.1 of this Agreement
shall be conditioned upon, among other things, the following terms and
conditions (which shall be in addition to those required by Sections 3 and 9.1
of this Agreement):

(a) Execution by the Borrower of a renewal and extension agreement for
each Note in Proper Form.

(b) Such other documents, instruments and items as Agent or any Lender
shall require in its sole discretion.

9.3 No Obligation to Renew and Extend.  Notwithstanding the procedures and
terms and conditions for any renewal and extension of the Revolving Credit
Termination Date, neither the Agent nor any Lender has any obligation,
commitment or present intent to

<PAGE>

extend the Revolving Credit Termination Date, and the Revolving Credit
Termination Date may not be extended except in accordance with a written
agreement signed by the Agent, the Lenders, the Borrower and any other Person to
be charged with compliance therewith.

10.   Miscellaneous.

10.1.    No Waiver.  No waiver of any Default shall be deemed to be a waiver
of any other Default.  No failure to exercise or delay in exercising any right
or power under any Credit Document shall operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall
any single or partial exercise of any such right or power preclude any further
or other exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right or power. No
amendment, modification or waiver of any Credit Document shall be effective
unless the same is in writing and signed by the Person against whom such
amendment is sought to be enforced. No notice to or demand on the Borrower or
any other Person shall entitle the Borrower or any other Person to any other or
further notice or demand in similar or other circumstances.

10.2  Notices.  All notices under the Credit Documents shall be in writing and
either (i) delivered against receipt therefor, or (ii) mailed by registered or
certified mail, return receipt requested, in each case addressed as set forth
herein, or to such other address as a party may designate.  Notices shall be
deemed to have been given (whether actually received or not) when delivered (or,
if mailed, on the next Business Day).  Provided, however, that as between the
Agent and the Lenders and among the Lenders, notice may be given by telecopy or
facsimile effective upon the earlier of actual receipt or confirmation of
receipt by telephone.

10.3  Venue.  HARRIS COUNTY, TEXAS SHALL BE A PROPER PLACE OF VENUE TO ENFORCE
PAYMENT OR PERFORMANCE OF THIS AGREEMENT AND THE OTHER CREDIT DOCUMENTS, UNLESS
THE AGENT SHALL GIVE ITS PRIOR WRITTEN CONSENT TO A DIFFERENT VENUE.  THE
BORROWER HEREBY IRREVOCABLY SUBMITS TO THE NONEXCLUSIVE JURISDICTION OF THE
STATE AND FEDERAL COURTS IN THE STATE OF TEXAS AND AGREES AND CONSENTS THAT
SERVICE OF PROCESS MAY BE MADE UPON IT IN ANY PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF ANY OF
THE CREDIT DOCUMENTS BY SERVICE OF PROCESS AS PROVIDED BY TEXAS LAW.  THE
BORROWER HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, ANY
OBJECTION WHICH IT MAY NOW OR HEREAFTER HAVE TO THE LAYING OF VENUE OF ANY SUIT,
ACTION OR PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO ANY OF THE CREDIT DOCUMENTS
IN THE DISTRICT COURTS OF HARRIS COUNTY, TEXAS, OR IN THE UNITED STATES DISTRICT
COURT FOR THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF TEXAS, HOUSTON DIVISION, AND HEREBY FURTHER
IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ANY CLAIMS THAT ANY SUCH SUIT, ACTION OR PROCEEDING BROUGHT
IN ANY SUCH COURT HAS BEEN BROUGHT IN AN INCONVENIENT FORUM.  THE BORROWER (A)
AGREES TO DESIGNATE AND MAINTAIN AN AGENT FOR SERVICE OF PROCESS IN THE STATE OF
TEXAS IN CONNECTION WITH ANY SUCH SUIT, ACTION OR PROCEEDING AND TO DELIVER TO
THE AGENT EVIDENCE THEREOF AND (B) IRREVOCABLY CONSENTS TO THE SERVICE OF
PROCESS OUT OF ANY OF THE AFOREMENTIONED COURTS IN ANY SUCH SUIT, ACTION OR
PROCEEDING BY NOTICE GIVEN AS PROVIDED FOR IN THIS AGREEMENT.  NOTHING HEREIN
SHALL AFFECT THE RIGHT OF THE AGENT OR THE LENDERS TO COMMENCE LEGAL PROCEEDINGS
OR OTHERWISE PROCEED AGAINST THE BORROWER IN ANY JURISDICTION OR TO SERVE
PROCESS IN ANY MANNER PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW.  THE BORROWER HEREBY
IRREVOCABLY AGREES THAT ANY LEGAL ACTION OR PROCEEDING AGAINST THE AGENT OR ANY
LENDER ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THIS AGREEMENT OR THE OTHER

<PAGE>

CREDIT DOCUMENTS SHALL BE BROUGHT AND MAINTAINED IN THE DISTRICT COURTS OF
HARRIS COUNTY, TEXAS, OR THE UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT FOR THE SOUTHERN
DISTRICT OF TEXAS, HOUSTON DIVISION.

10.4  Choice of Law.  THIS AGREEMENT, THE NOTES AND THE OTHER CREDIT DOCUMENTS
HAVE BEEN NEGOTIATED, EXECUTED AND DELIVERED IN THE STATE OF TEXAS AND SHALL BE
GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED AND INTERPRETED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAWS OF THE
STATE OF TEXAS, INCLUDING ALL APPLICABLE FEDERAL LAW, FROM TIME TO TIME IN FORCE
IN THE STATE OF TEXAS.

10.5  DTPA Waiver.  The Borrower hereby waives all rights, remedies, claims,
demands and causes of action based upon or related to the Texas Deceptive Trade
Practices-Consumer Protection Act as described in the Texas Business & Commerce
Code, Sections 17.41 et. seq. as the same pertains or may pertain to this
Agreement, any of the other Credit Documents, or any of the transactions
contemplated herein or therein. In furtherance of said waiver, the Borrower
hereby represents and warrants to the Agent and the Lenders that (a) the
Borrower is represented by legal counsel in connection with the negotiations,
execution and delivery of this Agreement and the other Credit Documents; (b) the
Borrower has a choice other than to enter into said waiver in that it can obtain
the Loan from another institution; and (c) the Borrower does not consider itself
to be in a significantly disparate bargaining position relative to the Agent and
the Lenders with respect to this Agreement and the other Credit Documents.

10.6  Survival; Parties Bound; Successors and Assigns.  All representations,
warranties, covenants and agreements made by or on behalf of the Borrower in
connection herewith shall survive the execution and delivery of the Credit
Documents, shall not be affected by any investigation made by any Person, and
shall bind the Borrower and its successors, trustees, receivers and assigns and
inure to the benefit of the successors and assigns of the Agent and the Lenders;
provided, however, that the Borrower may not assign or transfer any of its
rights or obligations hereunder without the prior written consent of the Agent
and all of the Lenders, and any such assignment or transfer without such consent
shall be null and void.  Any assignment or sale of an interest in all or any
part of the Loans or a Lender Commitment shall (a) include the voting rights
attributable thereto, and (b) require the consent of the Borrower and the Agent
if to a Person not already a Lender, such consent not to be unreasonably
withheld.  None of the Lenders may assign or sell participations in all or part
of any Loans other than Swing Loans, the Notes other than the Swing Loan Note,
or the Commitment to any Person not already a Lender without the prior written
approval of the Agent, the Borrower, and all of the other Lenders (in each case
such approval not to be unreasonably withheld), but assignments and
participations of all or any part of the Loans, the Notes or the Commitment may
be made by and between the Lenders without the prior written consent of the
Borrower or any other Lender.  The Agent will not assign or sell participations
in $30,000,000.00 of its Lender Commitment to any Person other than an Affiliate
of the Agent.  The term of this Agreement shall be until the final maturity of
the Notes and the payment of all amounts due under the Credit Documents.

10.7  Counterparts.  This Agreement may be executed in several identical
counterparts, and by the parties hereto on separate counterparts, and each
counterpart, when so executed and delivered, shall constitute an original
instrument, and all such

<PAGE>

separate counterparts shall constitute but one and the same instrument.

10.8. Usury Not Intended; Refund of Any Excess Payments.  It is the intent of
the parties in the execution and performance of this Agreement to contract in
strict compliance with the usury laws of the State of Texas and the United
States of America from time to time in effect.  In furtherance thereof, the
Agent, the Lenders and the Borrower stipulate and agree that none of the terms
and provisions contained in this Agreement or the other Credit Documents shall
ever be construed to create a contract to pay for the use, forbearance or
detention of money with interest at a rate in excess of the Ceiling Rate and
that for purposes hereof "interest" shall include the aggregate of all charges
which constitute interest under such laws that are contracted for, reserved,
taken, charged or received under this Agreement.  In determining whether or not
the interest paid or payable, under any specific contingency, exceeds the
Ceiling Rate, the Borrower, the Agent and the Lenders shall, to the maximum
extent permitted under applicable law, (a) characterize any nonprincipal payment
as an expense, fee or premium rather than as interest, (b) exclude voluntary
prepayments and the effects thereof, and (c) "spread" the total amount of
interest throughout the entire contemplated term of the Loans. The provisions of
this paragraph shall control over all other provisions of the Credit Documents
which may be in apparent conflict herewith.

10.9  Captions.  The headings and captions appearing in the Credit Documents
have been included solely for convenience and shall not be considered in
construing the Credit Documents.

10.10 Severability.  If any provision of any Credit Documents shall be
invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any respect under any applicable law, the
validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions shall not be
affected or impaired thereby.

10.11 Disclosures.  Every reference in the Credit Documents to disclosures of
the Borrower to the Agent and the Lenders in writing, to the extent that such
references refer to disclosures at or prior to the execution of this Agreement,
shall be deemed strictly to refer only to written disclosures delivered to the
Agent and the Lenders in an orderly manner concurrently with the execution
hereof.

10.12   NO NOVATION.  THE PARTIES HERETO HAVE ENTERED INTO THIS AGREEMENT AND
THE OTHER CREDIT DOCUMENTS SOLELY TO AMEND, RESTATE AND RESTRUCTURE THE TERMS
OF, AND THE OBLIGATIONS TO THE EXISTING LENDERS OWING UNDER AND IN CONNECTION
WITH, THE ORIGINAL CREDIT AGREEMENT.  THE PARTIES DO NOT INTEND THIS AGREEMENT
NOR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY TO BE, AND THIS AGREEMENT AND THE
TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY SHALL NOT BE CONSTRUED TO BE, A NOVATION OF ANY
OF THE OBLIGATIONS OWING BY THE BORROWER UNDER OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE
ORIGINAL CREDIT AGREEMENT.

10.13   LIMITATION OF LIABILITY.  NO OBLIGATION OR LIABILITY WHATSOEVER OF THE
BORROWER WHICH MAY ARISE AT ANY TIME UNDER THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OBLIGATION OR
LIABILITY WHICH MAY BE INCURRED BY IT PURSUANT TO ANY OTHER CREDIT DOCUMENT
SHALL BE PERSONALLY BINDING UPON, NOR SHALL RESORT FOR THE ENFORCEMENT THEREOF
BE HAD TO THE PRIVATE PROPERTY OF, ANY OF THE BORROWER'S TRUSTEES OR
SHAREHOLDERS REGARDLESS OF WHETHER SUCH OBLIGATION OR LIABILITY IS IN THE NATURE
OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE.

<PAGE>

10.14  ENTIRE AGREEMENT.  THIS AGREEMENT AND THE OTHER CREDIT DOCUMENTS
TOGETHER CONSTITUTE A WRITTEN AGREEMENT AND REPRESENT THE FINAL AGREEMENT
BETWEEN THE PARTIES AND MAY NOT BE CONTRADICTED BY EVIDENCE OF PRIOR,
CONTEMPORANEOUS OR SUBSEQUENT ORAL AGREEMENTS OF THE PARTIES.  THERE ARE NO
UNWRITTEN ORAL AGREEMENTS BETWEEN THE PARTIES.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Agreement as of the
date set forth above.

SECURITY CAPITAL PACIFIC TRUST



/s/ Thomas L. Poe
By:___________________________
Thomas L. Poe
Name:_________________________
Vice President
Title:________________________


Address:
7777 Market Center Avenue
El Paso, Texas  79912
Attention:  Secretary



<PAGE>

Lender Commitment: $50,000,000.00      TEXAS COMMERCE BANK
Percentage: 14.285714%                     NATIONAL ASSOCIATION,
as Agent and as a Lender



/s/ Brian M. Kouns
By:___________________________
Brian M. Kouns
Name:_________________________
Vice President
Title:________________________

Address:
712 Main Street
Houston, Texas  77002
Attention:  Manager,
Real Estate Group

Telecopy No.:  713-216-7713
Telephone No.:  Brian Kouns
713-216-5133


Lender Commitment: $50,000,000.00      WELLS FARGO REALTY ADVISORS
Percentage: 14.285714%                     FUNDING, INCORPORATED, as
Co-Agent and as a Lender


/s/ Robert W. Belson
By:___________________________
Robert W. Belson
Name:_________________________
Vice President
Title:________________________


/s/ Matoka D. Benefield
By:___________________________
Matoka D. Benefield
Name:_________________________
Assistant Secretary
Title:________________________

Address:
2859 Paces Ferry Road
Suite 1210
Atlanta, Georgia  30339
Attention:  Bob Belson


Telecopy No:  404-435-2262
Telephone No. Bob Belson
404-435-3800

<PAGE>

Lender Commitment: $30,000,000.00      GUARANTY FEDERAL BANK, F.S.B.
Percentage: 8.571429%


/s/ Phyllis Milstead
By:___________________________
Phyllis Milstead
Name:_________________________
Vice President
Title:________________________


Address:
301 Congress, Suite 1075
Austin, Texas   78701
Attention:  Phyllis Milstead


Telecopy No.:  512-320-1041
Telephone No.: Phyllis Milstead
512-320-1007



Lender Commitment: $20,000,000.00      NORWEST BANK NEW MEXICO,
Percentage: 5.714286%                      NATIONAL ASSOCIATION


/s/ Bill Synnamon
By:___________________________
Bill Synnamon
Name:_________________________
Managing Officer
Title:________________________

Address:
1048 Paseo de Peralta
Santa Fe, New Mexico  87501
Attention:  Bill Synnamon


Telecopy No.:  505-983-6232
Telephone No.: Bill Synnamon
505-984-8500


Lender Commitment: $10,000,000.00      STATE NATIONAL BANK
Percentage: 2.857143%

/s/ Robert A. Estrada
By:___________________________
Robert A. Estrada
Name:_________________________
Senior Vice President
Title:________________________

Address:
221 North Kansas
El Paso, Texas  79901
Attention:  Robert A. Estrada


Telecopy No.:  915-546-4345
Telephone No.: Robert A. Estrada
915-546-4699

<PAGE>

Lender Commitment: $30,000,000.00      THE FIRST NATIONAL BANK OF
Percentage: 8.571429%                      BOSTON


/s/ Daniel J. Sullivan
By:___________________________
Daniel J. Sullivan
Name:_________________________
Vice President
Title:________________________

Address:
400 Perimeter Center Terrace
Suite 745
Atlanta, Georgia  30346
Attention:  Daniel J. Sullivan

Telecopy No.:  404-393-4166
Telephone No.: Daniel J. Sullivan
404-390-6565


Lender Commitment: $25,000,000.00      BANK OF AMERICA NATIONAL TRUST
Percentage: 7.142857%                    AND SAVINGS ASSOCIATION


/s/ Mary Bowman
By:___________________________
Mary Bowman
Name:_________________________
Vice President
Title:________________________

Address:
555 South Flower Street
6th Floor
Los Angeles, California  90071
Attention:  Kelly M. Allred


Telecopy No.:  213-228-5389
Telephone No.: Kelly M. Allred
213-228-4027

Lender Commitment: $25,000,000.00      FIRST INTERSTATE BANK OF TEXAS,
Percentage: 7.142857%                      N.A.


/s/ Todd Graham
By:___________________________
Todd Graham
Name:_________________________
Vice President
Title:________________________

Address:
1000 Louisiana
3rd Floor - Real Estate
Houston, Texas  77002
Attention:  Todd C. Graham


Telecopy No:  713-250-4894
Telephone No. Todd C. Graham
713-250-1621

<PAGE>

Lender Commitment: $25,000,000.00      FLEET NATIONAL BANK
Percentage: 7.142857%


/s/ John G. Christensen
By:___________________________
John G. Christensen
Name:_________________________
Vice President
Title:________________________


Address:
111 Westminster, Suite 800
Providence, Rhode Island  02903
Attention:  John Christensen


Telecopy No:  401-278-3674
Telephone No. John Christensen
401-278-6328


Lender Commitment: $20,000,000.00      THE NIPPON CREDIT BANK, LTD.
Percentage: 5.714286%


/s/ Neil J. Crawford
By:____________________________
Neil J. Crawford
Name:__________________________
Assistant Vice President
Title:_________________________

Address:
245 Park Avenue
30th Floor
New York, New York  10167
Attention:  Neil Crawford


Telecopy No:  212-490-3895
Telephone No. Neil Crawford
212-984-1319


Lender Commitment: $15,000,000.00      BANK HAPOALIM, B.M.,
Percentage: 4.285714%                  Los Angeles Branch


/s/ Robert Polleb
By:___________________________
Robert Polleb
Name:_________________________
Vice President
Title:________________________


By: /s/ C. M. Ciebiera
Name: C. M. Ciebiera
Title: Vice President

Address:
6222 Wilshire Blvd.
Los Angeles, California  90048
Attention:  Shohre Afshar or
Lori Lake

Telecopy No:  213-937-1439
Telephone No. Shohre Afshar or
Lori Lake
213-937-2322

<PAGE>

Lender Commitment: $15,000,000.00      CORESTATES BANK, N.A.
Percentage: 4.285714%


/s/ Kathleen M. Palmer
By:____________________________
Kathleen M. Palmer
Name:__________________________
Vice President
Title:_________________________

Address:
1339 Chestnut Street
Real Estate Department
Philadelphia, Pennsylvania 19107
Attention:  R. Scott Relick


Telecopy No:  215-786-6381
Telephone No. R. Scott Relick
215-786-4224

Lender Commitment: $17,500,000.00      BANK ONE, ARIZONA, NA
Percentage: 5.000000%

/s/ Daniel A. Nunes
By:____________________________
Daniel A. Nunes
Name:__________________________
Assistant Vice President
Title:_________________________

Address:
Real Estate Banking Group
241 N. Central, 20th Floor
Phoenix, Arizonia  85004
Attention:  Daniel Nunes


Telecopy No:  602-221-2977
Telephone No. Daniel Nunes
602-221-1909


Lender Commitment: $17,500,000.00      UNION BANK
Percentage: 5.000000%

/s/ Michael Stirrat
By:____________________________
Michael Stirrat
Name:__________________________
Vice President
Title:_________________________



/s/ Kathy Ormseth
By:____________________________
Kathy Ormseth
Name:__________________________
Vice President & Manager
Title:_________________________

Address:
Real Estate Capital Markets
Division
99 Almaden Boulevard
San Jose, California  95113
Attention:  Michael Stirrat


Telecopy No:  408-294-6631
Telephone No. Michael Stirrat
408-279-7222

<PAGE>


<PAGE>

The undersigned legal counsel for the Borrower signs this Agreement not as a
party hereto but solely for the purpose of complying with the provisions of
Section 17.42(a)(3) of the Texas Deceptive Trade Practices-Consumer Protection
Act described in Section 10.5.

MAYER, BROWN & PLATT


/s/ Edward J. Schneidman
By:___________________________
Edward J. Schneidman
Name:_________________________

EXHIBITS

A - Officer's Certificate
B - Rate Designation Notice
C - Note Form
C-1 - Swing Loan Note
D - Request for Loan
E - Legal Opinion
F - Target Market Cities


